Candidate: BARKLEY, MICHAEL JAMES MR.
Result:n.htm=====

 <tag> h2


CAMPAIGN DONATIONS:

Mike Barkley, Candidate for Congress

QUALIFICATIONS:

PLATFORM:

 <tag> h3


Detail:

Summary/high points:

Constitutional:

Support our troops:

Legislative:

MAJOR ENDORSEMENTS:

 <tag> li


Infrastructure: Fund serious infrastructure maintenance and upgrades: highways & bridges, rail, waterways & ports, air, communications, power, electrical transmission, fuel, nuclear power plant seismic retrofits, sewage treatment plants and drinking water systems, move utilities underground, etc. ; fund the list at mjbarkl.com/infrastr.jpg : Another Time Magazine Infrastructure Issue 04/10/2017: Construct a multi-track grade-separated freight rail beltway around Chicago Construct a multi-track grade-separated freight and passenger rail beltway around New York City Fund the Chicago Belt CREATE projects Install manual backups to the electrical smart grid Upgrade the locks on the Mississippi River system Install broadband for all Install a one-stop permitting process for major and multi-state projects and add Federal funding agencies Underground the Puerto Rico & U.S. Virgin Islands electric power grid; for that matter do the same for mainland hurricane belt and tornado belt communities. Eliminate the Puerto Rico prohibition on bringing in automobiles not first sold in Puerto Rico and establish an auto ferry between Miami and San Juan. Finish the San Juan rapid transit system Establish an infrastructure bank, ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Infrastructure_Reinvestment_Bank ) Support the Partnership to Build America Act of 2013, HR 2084, Delaney D-MD Support the Durbin Privatization limitation bill

Adopt LABOR UNION BILL OF RIGHTS for all unions, including government employee unions, nationwide: Adopt right to collective bargaining Adopt right to strike, picket & boycott, for any reason or location / Allow and protect secondary boycotts, secondary strikes, general srikes, and sit-down strikes Adopt or strengthen "card check"/"majority sign-up" / adopt the Employee Free Choice Act (2009 H.R. 1409/S.560 ) Consider allowing and protecting minority unions Provide that union certification votes shall succeed by a majority of those workers voting, not by a majority of workers eligible to vote Set aside any requirement that there be periodic recertification votes Abolish "right to work" / replace Taft-Hartley §14(b) [ 29 USC §164(b) ] with a specific pre-emption of state laws on right-to-work and a specific ban on right to work laws / repeal any other union-busting portions of Taft-Hartley Require Project Labor Agreements where possible for all federal, state, and local contracts. Allow SNAP/food stamps for striking workers and their families Provide that any political campaign rights or privileges allowed corporations shall also be allowed unions ; prohibit the "paycheck protection" scheme Extend full collective bargaining rights to temporary workers. Extend full union protection to unions of independent truck drivers Ban the practice of hiring permanent replacement workers to replace striking workers. Allow common situs picketing

Consider adopting the German system of labor bargaining rights

Reverse the Immigrant Social Security Confiscation Amendment.

Repeal the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy, at a lower level than the $400,000 proposed by President Obama

Require U.S. Government coal leases charge market rates.

Adopt "full incorporation" of rights: "Within the Fourteenth Amendment Section 1., after the words 'privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States' add the phrase 'including any and all of their rights enumerated or implied in this Constitution'"

Support the Women's Health Protection Act of 2013, S. 1696, Blumenthal

Require and fund restoration of wood and metal shop classes and life skills class components such as personal budgeting at all high schools; do the same for physical education, music, and art; establish or strengthen computer and engineering labs in high schools.

Make DC transit open earlier for non-office workers to get to work in the morning.

Provide that Investigation, charging, and prosecution of peace officer-involved homicides shall be by State Prosecutors, not Local, but in the event that State Prosecutors are unable or unwilling to prosecute, it shall be by Federal Prosecutors who shall have all the rights and privileges of State and Local Prosecutors.and shall apply State Law in the exercise of those rights; consider supporting the Conyers and Johnson Police Accountability Bills; require the keeping of statistics on deaths at the hands of police in the USA, including who is armed or unarmed, who is facing or fleeing, the races of the victims, and such other data as might be indicative of a problem.

Support S.624 Senator Paul Simon Water for the World Act, Durban, 2010

Adopt the ONLY BALANCED U.S. BUDGET which BALANCES this year and funds MEDICARE FOR EVERYONE

Consider a graduated excise tax on campaign contributions, see outline.

Restore salmon runs on all streams where they once were, nationwide

Support H.R.532 - Private Student Loan Bankruptcy Fairness Act of 2013, Cohen,

Halt the collapse of the oceans' diversity; oppose the Empty Oceans Act, Hastings R-WA, 12/2013, H.R. 1335 2015 Young-AK

Provide any state-sanctioned or state-operated lottery that in any way uses U.S. Mails or any method of interstate commerce in its operation shall return unclaimed winnings to the pool of funds available for winnings and not confiscate those funds for any other purpose.

Put ALL derivatives on an exchange with transaction taxes and transparency

More Labor: Adopt the Iceland "Equal Pay Standard" that makes "employers prove they offer equal pay regardless of gender, ethnicity, sexuality or nationality." Re-examine the Wagner Act ( The National Labor Relations Act of 1935 (49 Stat. 449) 29 U.S.C. § 151-169 ) Figure out how to set aside Pattern Makers League of North America v. NLRB, 1985 and then do so. Adopt the Employment Non-Discrimination Act of 2013 (ENDA), S. 815 , and other years; support full federal recognition of gay rights. Support the Paycheck Fairness Act, S. 84 Mikulski 2013-14 Consider adopting the German system of labor bargaining rights Support the PRO Act. Support Bernie's "Workplace Democracy Act" Resurrect the "Look for the Union Label" campaign as a Federal campaign; pair with an effective "Look for the Made in USA Label" campaign Require on-line vendors to show prominently a "made in . . . " on every web page for every product offered. Investigate increasing assertions of progressively inhumane working conditions at the U.S. Postal Service and impose a cure; oppose efforts to privatize the Postal Service or impair postal workers' benefits; repeal The Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act of 2006 (HR 6407) or support HR 1351 (United States Postal Service Pension Obligation Recalculation and Restoration Act of 2011); oppose HR 2309 (Issa-Ross Postal Reform Act); Support HR 630/SB316 Postal Service Protection Act of 2013, DeFazio / oppose S.1486 Postal Reform Act of 2014, Carper, D Examine instances where unions have cancelled retiree health insurance and restore such benefits where appropriate. Support the Bankruptcy Fairness and Employee Benefits Protection Act of 2014, S 2418, Rockefeller, D-WV Cover medical interns and residents under the Fair Labor Standards Act and end the barbaric exploitive sleep deprivation rite of passage Remove the medical residency roadblocks that act as a quota limiting the number of practicing physicians . Require minimum wages for food servers, home health workers, prisoners, and jurors the same as for all others; set part time wage levels 10% above that to discourage Afforable Care Act avoidance; Support the Fair Minimum Wage Act but make it $15 an hour, not $10.10. Oppose HR 1406, 2013-14 which allows employers to avoid paying overtime Provide for compensation without eligibility penalty of college athletes who produce college gross revenue Require fair pay for professional sports cheerleaders Consider re-regulating air, trucking, rail, energy. . .; Repeal the union busting portions of the Motor Carrier Act of 1980, the Airline Deregulation Act of 1978, the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976, the Staggers Rail Act of 1980, etc. Develop air quality standards for small independent truckers that will allow them to remain in business, and preempt such standards for them nationwide, including at the nation's ports ; require foreign truckers to meet the same standards that domestic truckers have to meet; require clean indoor restrooms with running water for all port drivers and at all truck brake check areas and all regulatory scale facilities; explore other methods to assist small independent truckers Sift through and adopt where appropriate the various initiatives of Senator Tom Coburn, such as consolidating the numerous redundant Federal Job Training Programs weeding out what doesn't work and strengthening what does Consider H.R. 1000 The Humphrey-Hawkins 21st Century Full Employment and Training Act, 2015-16, Conyers Provide that no charter school shall open unless the faculty and staff shall have full participation in the union contracts, membership, seniority, salaries, and benefits of the School District in which it is placed, or if there is no school district, of the proximate district largest in numbers of students. Ban school vouchers Oppose the union busting aspects of Common Core and Race to the Top Reopen all the black lung cases on which Dr. Paul Wheeler of Johns Hopkins had any input. Figure out what to do about the "temporary help" scam whereby companies, especially large companies, use a revolving door of teams of low-paid workers from temporary help agencies to avoid paying fair wages or benefits. Re-examine the H-1B visa program to make sure that every such visa is issued for a job skill not available in the USA and that issuing such visas does not depress USA wages Close loopholes excluding public employees from paid family leave provisions.

League of Women Voters

Revoke the carried-interest loophole; support Congressman Levin's 2009 H.R. 1935 (re: ...treatment of partnership interests held by partners providing services.)

Oppose the Trans Pacific Partnership until it is proven that it produces no net loss of equivalent jobs; especially oppose the Fast Track aka Trade Promotion Authority.

Fund the Chicago Belt CREATE projects

Abolish "right to work" / replace Taft-Hartley §14(b) [ 29 USC §164(b) ] with a specific pre-emption of state laws on right-to-work and a specific ban on right to work laws / repeal any other union-busting portions of Taft-Hartley

Support the PRO Act.

Establish a Federal "chicken" court; whenever anyone feels the application of a rule by an agency is "chicken" they file a complaint with the chicken court - the judge and stenographer show up at the complainant's location, record what the complainant has to say, gives the agency 5 days to defend, considers for another 5 days, and then issues a non-appealable ruling allowing or disallowing the application, the loser to pay the court $100 / Design some sort of Federal Small Claims Court where the targeted public, especially farmers, can protest arbitrarily applied and pointless regulations, and get the application of them suspended or redressed.

CVP 3 : Strengthen California flood protections sufficiently to withstand a repeat of the floods of 1861-1862 and solve the Delta and supply problems : suspend Section 8 of the Reclamation Act of 1902 and its progeny and preempt conveyance capacity for this project / fund and develop the Westside Conveyance System and reservoirs, Westside Canals and Rio Vista Siphons to Bethany Reservoir, enlarge Shasta, line the Glenn-Colusa Canal / enlarge and extend the Folsom South Canal beyond Stockton to Bethany Reservoir picking up flood flows of Dry Creek, Cosumnes, Mokelumne, and Calaveras Rivers along the way / develop the Orestimba and Los Banos Grandes Reservoirs and enlarge Friant or build Temperance Flat / devise and implement ways to cut reservoir evaporation / plan the logistics to sell California water to Southern Nevada and Arizona to help fund all this - see project outline

Extend hardwood flooring tariffs to laminate flooring and lumber in general, raise those tariffs to competitive levels (In 2016 the Modesto Bee made fun of this platform plank, which of course means only that they didn't understand it and didn't care enough to ask. A few years ago a tariff came through on some imports of hardwood products and not others including hardwood flooring, so I added this as a reminder to ask "why?" if an opportunity arose to do so.)

The American Institute of Certified Public Accountants

Extend the Voting Rights Act Section 5 pre-approval process to all electing jurisdictions; add the 2012 disenfranchise states to Section 5 of the voting rights act

Explore feasibility of implementing TransAtomic's salt reactors.

Outlaw the imposition of any requirement for registering to vote other than the unsupported declaration under penalty of perjury that the person registering is eligible to vote / ban the increasing state-level insistance on government-issued photo-IDs for voting, limits on student voting, and limits on same-day registration / adopt registration-friendly rules for voter registration drives

Enhance the Cancer Moonshot, a National Cancer Institute initiative launched by President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden.

National Audubon Society

Eliminate the wage ceiling on FICA withholding

Halt & reverse prison privatization

Fully fund SEC, CFTC, CFPB, etc.

Figure out how and then include insurance companies under anti-trust law.

ban term limits other than those set by the U.S. Constitution

& SNAP/Food Stamps - work to improve nutrition for the poor and to make sure funds allocated for that purpose are not diverted from that purpose: Investigate and halt any practice of denying SNAP/food stamps to recipients of SSI, SSDI, or state or any other sort of disability compensation Find out why people who work part time are not allowed SNAP/food stamps, if that is the case, and fix it. Reassess food stamp/SNAP coverage for the elderly who are caring for other family members to make sure the assistance is fair and adequate. Add fingerprint sensing technology to SNAP/food stamp system to stop the selling of the "stamps" to others? Or make them individually payable so that anyone else using them will be rejected? Explore ways to make the various types of "food stamps" usable only by the intended recipient.

Pursue legislation to grant otherwise qualified bidders using a higher overall percentage of domestic labor, parts and materials the right to "bump" low bidders with a lower percentage in all Federal, State, and Local contracts, including "no-bid" contracts.

Recognize the right of women to terminate pregnancies at will and to receive funding for it as for any other medical procedure, Amend: "A woman's right to terminate her pregnancy shall not be infringed."

Consider strengthening the tax on excess retained earnings as reflected in uninvested, undistributed cash or near-cash balances; exclude stock buy-backs from the list of qualified investments; consider excluding mergers & acquisitions from the list of qualified investments; inhibit the ability of corporations to purchase their own stock

Consider stripping pharmaceuticals and medical devices out of the 1980 Bayh-Dole Act.

Ban the inclusion of student loans on credit reports until such time as they are subject to bankruptcy

Support eminent domain buy back of underwater home loans

Environmental Defense Fund

Require fair pay for professional sports cheerleaders

For financial firms in bankruptcy or receiving bailouts or being merged or sold or liquidated under government supervision, provide a 10-year claw-back of management salaries, bonuses, severance, settlements, or other fees, and consultant, legal, accounting, and rating-agency fees

Support the Bankruptcy Fairness and Employee Benefits Protection Act of 2014, S 2418, Rockefeller, D-WV

Restore Gulf-state wetlands

Adopt, Campaign funding, Amend: "1. Congress may regulate political campaign funding as it chooses. "2. Corporations are not persons; Money is not speech." ( Support 2013-14 HJR 20 21 & 29 [2018: can't find these?] , Congress to regulate campaign money, and corporations are not people. )

Require changing the practice of labeling cases "People vs." to "[Governmental Entity] vs." / rename all statutory crime or civil labels of "Obstructing Justice" to "Interference with Investigation" or whatever other label is appropriate / establish a rule that lying by any government person to a civil or criminal defendant, whether before or after commencement of prosecution or litigation, is a compensable denial of due process

Research & solve the bee death problem; support a moratorium on the sale, distribution and use of neonicotinoids

Revise Federal & State asset forfeiture to eliminate miscarriage of justice; outlaw "national security letters, no knock searches, broad general warrants, preconviction forfeitures."

Restore Pell Grants for prisoners; outlaw any ban on tuition aid for ex-cons; for that matter, outlaw any forms of discrimination against persons who have fully served their time and their parole or probation, including voter rights, employment, housing or food stamps.

Examine restoring the portion of the Glass-Steagall Act repealed by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act in 1999 and reversing the other relaxations of it - Support HR 1489 2011? but beware of LaRouchePAC participation - support Elizabeth Warren's 21st Century Glass Steagall Act, S. 1282, 2013-14 instead?

Reopen Patterson Hospital and other small rural hospitals throughout the country?

AARP

Impose a graduated excise tax on corporate management compensation levels that exceeds a certain multiple of the lowest wage paid by that corporation, foreign or domestic

Upgrade SR-99 to Interstate highway status

Consider requiring that any health insurer offering health insurance anywhere in the country must offer health insurance at the same rate under any ACA exchange everywhere in the country, with preemptions of state law to make it work.

Examine Section 8 for a relationship to mobile home, travel trailer, and motor home owners, to ensure that poor and destitute who happen to own and live in one can still get the rental help they need for the ground lease payments, including waiver for physical condition of the residence.

Consider adopting the Norwegian prison system.

Subsidize Greyhound (or Amtrak) bus service to small towns

Advocate restoring cuts to Essential Air Service, if any; carefully examine Mica's bill HR 658, 03/2011; consider using gas tax money to subsidize air service to smaller regional airports

Consider the Fareed Zakaria 9-18-27-18-9-50 tax plan

Increase AmeriCorps funding

Consider scrapping the Medicare enrollment period - people need Medicare all year long, not just in a couple of autumn months.

Support the Partnership to Build America Act of 2013, HR 2084, Delaney D-MD

Require that GMO foods be labeled as such; support The Genetically Engineered Food Right-to-Know Act, Boxer, S.511 2015; Repeal the Monsanto Protection Act included in Spending Bill HR 933 that President Obama signed.

Designate the Fort Hood shooting as a terrorist act and thus "combat related" for the purposes of U.S. Military victim benefits.

Establish a Federal Insurance Authority to monitor and punish predatory insurance practices, including below cost marketing, merger & acquisition activity funded by aggressive claim denials especially in workers' compensation third party claims administration, and so on.

Set aside the prohibition against the CDC researching gun violence, and fund the research.

Allow campaign funds to be used for child care.

Add fingerprint sensing technology to SNAP/food stamp system to stop the selling of the "stamps" to others? Or make them individually payable so that anyone else using them will be rejected? Explore ways to make the various types of "food stamps" usable only by the intended recipient.

Invite Puerto Rico & the U.S. Virgin Islands to become a state

National Air Traffic Controllers Association

Provide for "early voting" in all jurisdictions

Consider supporting S.29 - Respect for Marriage Act, 2015-16 , Feinstein D-CA

Urge GM to return to Manteca

Remove the medical residency roadblocks that act as a quota limiting the number of practicing physicians .

Allow common situs picketing

Energy (See also BUDGET, below) : Support the NRCS Environmental Quality Incentives Program Require energy independence Ban exporting raw fossil fuels and certain specified end products of their refinement, with no exemption for free trade zones. Subsidize the reestablishment of refineries in the U.S. Prove that ethanol produces a net gain in usable energy or phase out ethanol subsidies Phase in cap & trade, or better yet carbon fee and dividends Reexamine the wisdom in using nuclear reactor fuel rods with zirconium that generates hydrogen during cooling problems (think Hindenberg with radioactivity? in EVERY plant?) Explore feasibility of implementing TransAtomic's salt reactors. Support the New Apollo Initiative

Properly reimburse the revenue lost to and the expenses incurred by DC for hosting the Nation's Capital/Capitol

Consider stripping the tax deduction for interest on LBO's.

Fund a CCC-type program to thin out forests to reduce occurrences of fires like the Rim Fire in locations such as Mt. Rushmore, including culling trees killed by bark beetles.

Consider re-regulating air, trucking, rail, energy. . .; Repeal the union busting portions of the Motor Carrier Act of 1980, the Airline Deregulation Act of 1978, the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976, the Staggers Rail Act of 1980, etc.

California League of Conservation Vogers

Basically I'm seeing 4 kinds of health care improvement plans: 1) Enhanced & improved Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) 2) Actual Medicare for All (lower the eligible age to zero, still requires supplemental insurance, and since Medicare is optional, it would be a "public option") 3) [Enhanced] Medicare for all (existing strengthened, to eliminate the need for supplemental insurance) 4) Single Payer (100% coverage, like Taiwan, often being mislabeled Medicare for All) I would vote for any and all of these. My Budget, below, pays for the first two - if the other two are adopted I can rework my Budget.

Fund relief for the Mexican border deportee refugee camps.

Rewrite the Patriot Act to respect the Bill of Rights

Forgive student debt for STEM graduates at the time they receive their diplomas;

Support, S.2305 - Social Security and Marriage Equality Act, 2013-14, Murray D-WA , HR 1984, the Fair Adjustments and Income Revenues (FAIR) for Social Security Act (set aside wages cap) DeFazio D-OR , HR 1983, the Social Security Protection and Truth in Budgeting Act (no diverting trust funds) DeFazio D-OR, S. 2455 Retirement and Income Security Enhancements (RAISE) Act, 2013-14, Begich D-AK

Ease home mortgage criteria at the bottom of cycles, tighten them at the top (instead of backwards like we are doing now which has seriously damaged the housing market).

Reform Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act to make social media take responsibility.

Where plastic ties have been acquired in interstate commerce or in any way with Federal funds, make it a Federal felony to use them in lieu of handcuffs in such away as causes any damage whatsoever to those upon whom they are used.

Change U.S. Government programming procurement to engage the vendors with the best programmers rather than those with the best lawyers.

Democratic Club of Greater Tracy

Begin sweeping the Pacific of floating plastic to the extent possible without further damaging marine life

Require that any agency using debit cards to pay benefits pay all debit card fees that would otherwise be imposed on the beneficiary; for any employer using payroll cards, require that the employee not be charged

Repeal the Trump Tax Cuts

Consider Norm Ornstein's voter lottery as an incentive to vote

Extend the 72-hour no-hire after layoffs to 30 days

Adopt nationwide minimum standards for high-rise buildings: integrated firefighting apparatus, tougher standards on using trusses in floors and ceilings, hardened fire stair wells, fire stair wells sized proportionate to anticipated structure population, all fire stair wells descending all the way to the street level, at least two fire stair wells placed at the outside edge of the structure at opposite corners of the structure, independent emergency fire stair lighting, all these to reduce design deficiencies that multiplied the casualties from the attacks on the twin towers on 09/11/2001

Support the Paycheck Fairness Act, S. 84 Mikulski 2013-14

Provide that 1) no agency within the United States collecting taxes that uses the U.S. Mails in any way for tax collection activity shall assess a penalty per year in excess of 10% of the underlying balance due if that balance is under $50,000, to which a reasonable rate of interest may be added on the underlying balance due. 2). No agency within the United States collecting fees, permits, or fines that uses the U.S. Mails in any way for collection activity shall assess combined penalty and collection charges and any other charges per year in excess of 10% of the underlying fee, permit, or fine balance due if that balance is under $50,000, to which a reasonable rate of interest may be added on the underlying balance due.

Stop deporting foreign-born engineers after they graduate

Relax the VA's stinginess on meds.

Solve the Skynet/singularity risk.

California Society of Certified Public Accountants (CalCPA), Life Member

Acknowledge that the use of Guantanamo Bay for a prison violates the lease and warrants its termination and turn over possession of the entire facility to the Government of Cuba by 2016

Fund or share in the environmental cleanup costs of domestic rare-earth mining; heed the warnings of Stephen Leeb, http://ideas.time.com/2011/12/04/the-real-china-threat/

Strengthen the Stock Act

Invite the U.S. Pacific Territories to become, collectively, a state

Provide that no student loan shall bear an interest rate higher than the lowest rate charged banks by the Treasury or the Federal Reserve

Require judicial review of drone strikes that target U.S. Citizens; halt the use of drone strikes within countries with which we are not at war or for which we don't have that country's permission

Re-examine the Wagner Act ( The National Labor Relations Act of 1935 (49 Stat. 449) 29 U.S.C. § 151-169 )

Apartment Owners Association of California

Project Vote Smart Political Courage Test

Explore ways to bring justice to the matter of Tim DeChristopher, Bidder70; Seek pardon, apology & reparations.

CQ (Congressional Quarterly) Roll Call

Eliminate the Puerto Rico prohibition on bringing in automobiles not first sold in Puerto Rico and establish an auto ferry between Miami and San Juan.

American Bar Association

Establish an infrastructure bank, ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Infrastructure_Reinvestment_Bank )

Consider allowing and protecting minority unions

Strengthen the powers of the Treasury, FDA, and Medicare to hold hearings to identify price-gouging for a specific drug, identify a reasonable retail price for that drug, and then take through eminent domain the right to manufacture and sell that drug for the valuation based on that price.

Support HR 5799 - Voter Empowerment Act of 2012, by Rep. John Lewis of Georgia to reverse ALEC Jim Crow laws, H.R. 12 2013-14

Phase in allowing REO rentals; expand the FHFA "deed for lease" program and implement a lease-to-own program

Require minimum wages for food servers, home health workers, prisoners, and jurors the same as for all others; set part time wage levels 10% above that to discourage Afforable Care Act avoidance; Support the Fair Minimum Wage Act but make it $15 an hour, not $10.10.

Support the Sanders & Boxer Climate Change Act of 2013, S332

Investigate whether or not USDA Rural Housing Centralized Servicing Center is properly handling requests for financial assistance on mortgages owed by persons in financial distress and fix the problem if there is one; investigate whether or not disabled persons are being denied rural housing Repair/Rehab funds routinely granted the elderly and fix the problem if there is one;

Environmental, Progressive, Rural, & Veterans' Caucus California Democratic Party

Support H.R.4628 - MOM Act, 2013-14, Duckworth, D-IL

RESTORE MANUFACTURING IN THE U.S. [see also Tax below]: Pursue legislation to grant otherwise qualified bidders using a higher overall percentage of domestic labor, parts and materials the right to "bump" low bidders with a lower percentage in all Federal, State, and Local contracts, including "no-bid" contracts. Add insourcing requirements wherever possible to federal, state & local contracts, including for clerical and customer support functions; Support Rep. Nick Rahall's ‘Invest in American Jobs Act of 2011, H.R. 3533; Support the Bring Jobs Home Act (S. 337 2013-14 Senator Debbie Stabenow) Reexamine NAFTA and the other free trade agreements that have shipped millions of jobs out of this country; reexamine other international job thieves such as Globalization, Outsourcing, Deregulation, Foreign currency manipulation, Foreign below cost selling, Foreign labor compensation and public protection differences, Adverse tariff imbalances, GATT & WTO concessions, Most-favored nation concessions, and so on and bring every one of these jobs back home; Consider supporting The Trade, Reform, Accountability, Development and Employment (TRADE) Act of 2009?, 110th & 111th Congress, H.R. 3012 Oppose the Trans Pacific Partnership until it is proven that it produces no net loss of equivalent jobs; especially oppose the Fast Track aka Trade Promotion Authority. Support The Brown-Sessions- Schumer-Graham-Burr-Stabenow-Collins-Casey Currency Exchange Rate Oversight Reform Act of 2013 & 2010 (S. 1114 - 113th Congress/ S. 1619 - 112th ) - reconcile this with the warnings in Rana Foroohar's 10/24/2011 column in Time; Consider the Currency Reform for Fair Trade Act, H.R. 1276, 2013-14 Sander Levin, and other years. Subsidize USA manufacturing sufficiently to bring parity with China or India manufacturing Identify strategic industries essential to the function of and defense of our society (metals, machine tools, power grid components, etc.) and for those that we have lost to outsourcing, fund their return. Consider a Wilbur Ross value added tax with export rebates Subsidize small-business lending (more than just the SBA) Consider eliminating corporate income taxes for manufacturing plants in certain economically depressed zip codes. Stop deporting foreign-born engineers after they graduate Fund or share in the environmental cleanup costs of domestic rare-earth mining; heed the warnings of Stephen Leeb, http://ideas.time.com/2011/12/04/the-real-china-threat/ Support environmentally-friendly domestic aquaculture Extend hardwood flooring tariffs to laminate flooring and lumber in general, raise those tariffs to competitive levels (In 2016 the Modesto Bee made fun of this platform plank, which of course means only that they didn't understand it and didn't care enough to ask. A few years ago a tariff came through on some imports of hardwood products and not others including hardwood flooring, so I added this as a reminder to ask "why?" if an opportunity arose to do so.) Set minimum standards nationwide for workers' compensation; ban imports of manufactured goods from countries that do not meet those standards; consider the same for workplace safety and environmental protection Extend human environment protections to foreign installations and subsidiaries of domestic businesses. Consider variants of the Herman Cain and Buddy Roemer proposals to disallow corporate tax deductions for purchases from foreign countries. Ascertain whether or not the IRS or any other Federal agency has outsourced any call center activity and if it has, put a stop to it Impose a per-call "equalization" tax on every phone call shunted to an out-of-the-country phone support center; support The United States Call Center Worker and Consumer Protection Act, H.R. 2909 113th Congrss Allow Tesla to sell cars wherever they wish

Restore income averaging for personal income taxes.

Require any government agent or agency running a public lottery provide that any player wishing to do so have their wagers personally registered using an appropriate government ID and thereafter be informed of their winnings with no submission of lottery ticket, etc., required.

Keep student loan interest rates low;

Reverse every Trump Executive Action

California Farm Bureau Federation (through the family ranches)

Grant $15,000 payment in first trimester or $10,000 in second trimester for any pregnant woman of any age who decides not to have an abortion, which may be applied for in any appearance at a qualified abortion clinic, which clinic shall also receive a compensatory payment (sufficient to make the decision financially neutral for a typical clinic) if the other payment is accepted. Such payment shall be made even if the woman never had any intent of obtaining an abortion; scrap the Hyde Amendment and ensure Planned Parenthood is treated equally in all Government funding.

Solve the racial bias in government layoffs and retroactively compensate for it

Adopt: 1) The Legislature finds that the practice of political parties charging candidates a fee to be considered for endorsement is inherently corrupt and deceptive and therefore adopts: 2) It shall be unlawful for any government agency to include any candidate endorsement in any government-funded voter pamphlet where the candidate was charged a fee for consideration of that endorsement.

Increase funding of CDC and NIH pandemic research and prevention sufficiently to ensure adequate protection of this country

Exclude campaign contributions received, from Section 8 and other safety net calculations.

Discourage use of war as a political policy; reexamine the Kellogg-Briand Pact

Recognizing the failure of impeachment as a remedy, adopt the Hiram Johnson cure for corruption. Amendment: 1) The people shall have the power of initiative, referendum, and recall. 2) This power shall be implemented under such regulation as the Congress shall prescribe, which regulation itself shall be subject to initiative or referendum. 3) Draft, Presidential Recall

Extend the New York Domestic Workers protections nationwide

Progressive Democrat/Moderate Environmentalist/Local Activist/U.S. Navy Veteran

Increase funding for AIDS, cancer, MS, ALS, and similar research,

Rebalance the systems of educational scoring or bumping to get 99-week or longer unemployed persons into the classes they need

Upgrade the locks on the Mississippi River system

California Alliance of Retired Americans

Amend: Every person within the geographic borders of the United States and its territories is entitled to government-funded health care.

2016 Primary Election CAMPAIGN STATEMENTS for 3 of the 4 candidates - Michael Eggman didn't file one, I suspect he missed the deadline; he also filed his candidate papers at the last minute.

Sift through and adopt where appropriate the various initiatives of Senator Tom Coburn, such as consolidating the numerous redundant Federal Job Training Programs weeding out what doesn't work and strengthening what does

Consider funding and expanding the Khan Academy concept

& Social Security (see also BUDGET), If imposing the Social Security Government Pension Offset and Windfall Elimination Provision would put the recipient below the poverty line then it shall not be applied. Retroactively. For that matter, eliminate the Social Security Government Pension Offset and Windfall Elimination Provision as unfairly cheating workers of their earnings. Increase the amount retirees can earn without adversely impacting their Social Security Avoid raising the Social Security retirement age; restore it to 65; Reverse the Immigrant Social Security Confiscation Amendment. Adopt the Multiple Sclerosis Anti-Discrimination Social Security Act; improve Federal response and nurturing, including disability assistance programs, for wasting diseases such as Huntington's, ALS, MS, Systemic Scleroderma, and so on Support HR 3118/S.567, Linda Sanchez/Tom Harkin Strengthening the Social Security Act of 2013; add reverse means testing to SSI and Social Security to lift recipients out of poverty Support, S.2305 - Social Security and Marriage Equality Act, 2013-14, Murray D-WA , HR 1984, the Fair Adjustments and Income Revenues (FAIR) for Social Security Act (set aside wages cap) DeFazio D-OR , HR 1983, the Social Security Protection and Truth in Budgeting Act (no diverting trust funds) DeFazio D-OR, S. 2455 Retirement and Income Security Enhancements (RAISE) Act, 2013-14, Begich D-AK Support Improving Access to Social Security Services Act S.2742 2014, Schumer, D-NY

Install broadband for all

Earthjustice

Ban lead bullets; educate the public on the risks of using steel bullets in dry grass.

Provide that no charter school shall open unless the faculty and staff shall have full participation in the union contracts, membership, seniority, salaries, and benefits of the School District in which it is placed, or if there is no school district, of the proximate district largest in numbers of students.

Change the FCC candidate preference rules to exclude negative ads from preferred rates.

Democracy for America/Dean for America

See Constitutional below

Attend to the long term water and flood control needs of San Joaquin and Stanislaus Counties ahead of any export users

Fully fund the BATFE

Allow Medicare to negotiate price on drugs, medical devices, equipment, CT or MRI scans, etc.

require that slate mailers fully disclose party affiliations

Present or previous public office: none (other than 3-time elected AD-12 Delegate to the California Democratic Central Committee)

Support Zoe Lofgren's "Aaron's Law", HR 2454, 2013-14

Require that persons facing deportation be furnished counsel: Adopt "Deportation is a criminal penalty," to ensure full rights in prosecution; expand H.R.4936 - Vulnerable Immigrant Voice Act 2013-14 Jeffires, D-NY to cover all immigrants under threat of deportation

Enhance and extend to the states the Federal Open Meeting Laws, including for "Associations" that are constituted predominantly of legislators from other agencies or their staffs

Doctors without Borders

Fund clearing the VA disability claim and mental health backlogs; Fund VA efforts sufficiently to allow it to clear the backlog and to provide immediate positive response in possible suicide situations; upgrade positive suicide response time from 17 days to immediate; expand veterans' care to all veterans, not just those serving at certain times or in certain theaters.

Support the Access to Birth Control Act, H.R. 728, 2013-14, Maloney & Lautenberg

Support H.R.2377 , ENLIST Act 2013-14, Denham R-CA

Reassess food stamp/SNAP coverage for the elderly who are caring for other family members to make sure the assistance is fair and adequate.

Require seatbelts on intercity buses and trains [2013, looks like Congress is doing this! Great.]

National Wildlife Federation

Consider the Camden Coalition project;

Exempt the recharging of passenger vehicles from any provision of law that might make it a criminal or citable offense.

Support Senator Warren, et al. S. 1837 (113th): Equal Employment for All Act of 2013 to prevent employers from looking at credit reports when hiring, and especially from considering foreclosures,

Adopt the BUDGET (below) and restore school funding in every state

Oppose HR 1406, 2013-14 which allows employers to avoid paying overtime

Finish the San Juan rapid transit system

Require Medicare/MedicAid and all other insurers pay 100% of Continuous Glucose Monitoring (CGM) Devices for diabetics

Adopt right to strike, picket & boycott, for any reason or location / Allow and protect secondary boycotts, secondary strikes, general srikes, and sit-down strikes

National Youth Association of America

Require sensors for when there is an obstruction on a rail crossing after the arms come down, and thence an automatic full stop for the on-coming train.

Support regulations to close Wall Street's 'Retirement Advice' loophole

Get serious about curing homelessness. Adopt and fund the Salt Lake City and Houston solutions.

American Federation of Teachers

Adopt that any prohibitions against health care for undocumented immigrants shall not apply to immunizations, innoculations and vaccinations against disease; for that matter, set aside any such prohibitions as being racist.

Require USA to pay its fair share of levee district costs

Re-examine the H-1B visa program to make sure that every such visa is issued for a job skill not available in the USA and that issuing such visas does not depress USA wages

Construct a multi-track grade-separated freight and passenger rail beltway around New York City

Support the S.1410 - Smarter Sentencing Act of 2014, Durbin-IL

Provide that where any agency of Federal, State, or Local government has laid off any employee, that employee shall be granted right of first refusal for any open position with the agency for which that employee may be trained at any time within the next 10 years which right shall continue until that employee is actually rehired, with the longest laid off having the highest priority.

Reexamine NAFTA and the other free trade agreements that have shipped millions of jobs out of this country; reexamine other international job thieves such as Globalization, Outsourcing, Deregulation, Foreign currency manipulation, Foreign below cost selling, Foreign labor compensation and public protection differences, Adverse tariff imbalances, GATT & WTO concessions, Most-favored nation concessions, and so on and bring every one of these jobs back home; Consider supporting The Trade, Reform, Accountability, Development and Employment (TRADE) Act of 2009?, 110th & 111th Congress, H.R. 3012

Provide that any political campaign rights or privileges allowed corporations shall also be allowed unions ; prohibit the "paycheck protection" scheme

Tax : Repeal the Trump Tax Cuts Explore ways to encourage the repatriation of corporate funds stored offshore, including by an excise tax; consider an excise tax on funds or profits parked offshore; eliminate the tax deferral on offshore corporate profits; support the Stop Tax Haven Abuse Act of 2011, S. 1346./ support a "pure worldwide tax system", support the Wyden-Gregg tax reform bill.( The Bipartisan Tax Fairness and Simplification Act of 2010 (S. 3018) ) - oppose a "territorial tax system" Close the Google Bermuda loophole Consider strengthening FATCA, the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Support the "Stop Corporate Inversions Act of 2014" (H.R. 4679); use eminent domain to protect the tax base from "tax inversion mergers" where necessary to halt the practice; consider Senator Carl Levin's list of Corporate Loopholes that should be closed. Consider strengthening the tax on excess retained earnings as reflected in uninvested, undistributed cash or near-cash balances; exclude stock buy-backs from the list of qualified investments; consider excluding mergers & acquisitions from the list of qualified investments; inhibit the ability of corporations to purchase their own stock Consider stripping the tax deduction for interest on LBO's. Impose a graduated excise tax on corporate management compensation levels that exceeds a certain multiple of the lowest wage paid by that corporation, foreign or domestic Repeal the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy, at a lower level than the $400,000 proposed by President Obama Support HR 1124, the Fairness in Taxation Act of 2011, Schakowsky Consider a limit on income allowed capital gains rates, such as up to $1,000,000 per year Revoke the carried-interest loophole; support Congressman Levin's 2009 H.R. 1935 (re: ...treatment of partnership interests held by partners providing services.) Consider the Fareed Zakaria 9-18-27-18-9-50 tax plan Phase out percentage depletion allowances Require minimum 50% royalty on all Federal gas & oil leases, retroactively Require U.S. Government coal leases charge market rates. Ban income tax on mortgage forgiveness retroactive to 01/01/2008; make forgiveness of debt not taxable unless the incurring of the debt is deductable Restore income averaging for personal income taxes. Adopt the Taxpayer Funds Held in Trust Act Provide that 1) no agency within the United States collecting taxes that uses the U.S. Mails in any way for tax collection activity shall assess a penalty per year in excess of 10% of the underlying balance due if that balance is under $50,000, to which a reasonable rate of interest may be added on the underlying balance due. 2). No agency within the United States collecting fees, permits, or fines that uses the U.S. Mails in any way for collection activity shall assess combined penalty and collection charges and any other charges per year in excess of 10% of the underlying fee, permit, or fine balance due if that balance is under $50,000, to which a reasonable rate of interest may be added on the underlying balance due. Eliminate the wage ceiling on FICA withholding Consider a graduated excise tax on campaign contributions, see outline. Impose an annual tax on firearms, small for a single gun, escalating for quantity, see mjbarkl.com/repeal.htm Insist that the IRS interpret 501(c)(4) correctly. Kick pro football out of 501(c)(6) / add a tax surcharge for excess compensation Provide any state-sanctioned or state-operated lottery that in any way uses U.S. Mails or any method of interstate commerce in its operation shall return unclaimed winnings to the pool of funds available for winnings and not confiscate those funds for any other purpose. Require any government agent or agency running a public lottery provide that any player wishing to do so have their wagers personally registered using an appropriate government ID and thereafter be informed of their winnings with no submission of lottery ticket, etc., required.

Link I-205/I-580 to I-505

Investigate and halt any practice of denying SNAP/food stamps to recipients of SSI, SSDI, or state or any other sort of disability compensation

Prove that ethanol produces a net gain in usable energy or phase out ethanol subsidies

Require deferral of student loans for disabled people for the duration of the disability.

End the 3 & 10-year ban on reentry

Remove the FOIA exception that allows the memo justifying the drone killing of U.S. Citizens to remain withheld

Update the Toxic Substances Control Act, eliminate the "grandfather" clauses.

Grant full electoral franchise to DC through statehood or restoration to Maryland

Single Payer San Joaquin

Offer substantial grants to encourage mergers and consolidations of municipalities and local districts

Consider a limit on income allowed capital gains rates, such as up to $1,000,000 per year

Occasional Member Central Valley Democratic Club

Require that every Congressional freshman who has not done so take an Economics 101 course, and keep taking it until achieving a passing grade

Examine instances where unions have cancelled retiree health insurance and restore such benefits where appropriate.

Consider H.R. 1000 The Humphrey-Hawkins 21st Century Full Employment and Training Act, 2015-16, Conyers

Kick pro football out of 501(c)(6) / add a tax surcharge for excess compensation

Save the Redwoods League

If there is still a problem getting older fingerprint cards into the system, develop a fleet of mobile processing labs to visit underfunded jurisdictions and start processing those print cards.

Manteca Democratic Club

Planned Parenthood

Repeal the McCain/Flake Amendment to the DAA that allows sale of the Apache holy site at Oak Flat to foreign mining company Resolution Copper Mining LLC (joint venture of UK's Rio Tinto & Australia's BHP-Billiton)

Constitutional: Amend: Every person within the geographic borders of the United States and its territories is entitled to government-funded health care. Shut down the gun madness, make guns a privilege, not a right: Repeal the Right to Keep and Bear Arms, impose a graduated tax on ownership and possession with penalties for misuse , see draft Amendment Resolution and Legislation Recognize the right of women to terminate pregnancies at will and to receive funding for it as for any other medical procedure, Amend: "A woman's right to terminate her pregnancy shall not be infringed." Recognize in all jurisdictions the validity of same sex marriage, Amend: "Any marriage between two people in any jurisdiction is valid for all purposes in every jurisdiction." Advocate approval of the Equal Rights Amendment, only this time with a 100-year time limit for adoption / Support 112th Congress H.J. Res 47 Adopt, Campaign funding, Amend: "1. Congress may regulate political campaign funding as it chooses. "2. Corporations are not persons; Money is not speech." ( Support 2013-14 HJR 20 21 & 29 [2018: can't find these?] , Congress to regulate campaign money, and corporations are not people. ) Adopt "full incorporation" of rights: "Within the Fourteenth Amendment Section 1., after the words 'privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States' add the phrase 'including any and all of their rights enumerated or implied in this Constitution'" Amend: "Except as provided elsewhere in this Constitution, all issues in either body of Congress shall be resolved by simple majority vote of eligible voters in that body" Adopt,Voting, Amend: "1. Every citizen shall have the right to vote in all jurisdictions that include the citizen's declared principal residence. "2. Exercise of that right to vote shall be under such Regulations as the Congress shall make." ( Support the 2013 Pocan/Ellison Right to Vote Amendment, H.J. Res. 25 [can't find this one either?] ) or, "The right to vote of citizens over the age of 18 shall not be infringed." Recognizing the failure of impeachment as a remedy, adopt the Hiram Johnson cure for corruption. Amendment: 1) The people shall have the power of initiative, referendum, and recall. 2) This power shall be implemented under such regulation as the Congress shall prescribe, which regulation itself shall be subject to initiative or referendum. 3) Draft, Presidential Recall Provide lifetime voting membership in the House of Representatives for all past Presidents Provide that a Bill to modify any Treaty may be initiated in the same manner as a Revenue Bill. Grant full electoral franchise to DC through statehood or restoration to Maryland

Citizens for Global Solutions

Regulate the street drug "Bath Salts" (methylenedioxypyrovalerone / MDPV / mephedrone )

Fund preservation and restoration of rain forests and coral reefs

Restore funding to the Legal Services Corporation / enhance funding of CRLA

Close the Google Bermuda loophole

Prohibit naked short sales or purchases of any security or commodity.

Phase out the grandfather clause in the Clean Air Act

Provide for a refundable recycling fee of 1 cent per cigarette butt or cigar butt; cover with a can and bottle recycling program all states not covered by a can and bottle recycling program

Figure out how to require that persons refinancing a home be offered the same sort of advantageous interest rates as persons purchasing a home, and then implement it; require such refinancing be allowed even if "under water" or insufficient equity

Underground the Puerto Rico & U.S. Virgin Islands electric power grid; for that matter do the same for mainland hurricane belt and tornado belt communities.

Remove barriers to stem cell research

Upgrade the infrastructure and social support systems in Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands, & U.S. Pacific Territories to the level of the mainland where lacking.

2014 Primary Election CAMPAIGN STATEMENTS for all 3 candidates.

Equip them sufficiently to withstand injury to all extents possible. Train them. See to their spiritual and physical needs. Furnish them the best educated and most skilled leadership. Care for and protect their families.

Support our troops: Don't send them to war based on a lie. Define the objective and support their efforts to attain it. Do not take their sacrifices for granted. Do not waste their lives and limbs. Equip them sufficiently to withstand injury to all extents possible. Train them. See to their spiritual and physical needs. Furnish them the best educated and most skilled leadership. Care for and protect their families. When they return, care for their wounds and disabilities without stint, fund their pensions, honor their service, ensure that they prosper with education, housing, jobs, counseling, etc. Forever.

Strengthen Dodd-Frank; modify Dodd-Frank to treat mortgage brokers and banks equally rather than running those brokers who behaved properly out of business to punish those who did not behave properly

Support the New Apollo Initiative

Support Congresswoman Lee's "no More Ghost Money Act", H.R. 261 2015 (unsavory payments to foreign officials)

Examine the ramifications of using depleted uranium and white phosphorus shells and support appropriate abatement legislation.

Investigate increasing assertions of progressively inhumane working conditions at the U.S. Postal Service and impose a cure; oppose efforts to privatize the Postal Service or impair postal workers' benefits; repeal The Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act of 2006 (HR 6407) or support HR 1351 (United States Postal Service Pension Obligation Recalculation and Restoration Act of 2011); oppose HR 2309 (Issa-Ross Postal Reform Act); Support HR 630/SB316 Postal Service Protection Act of 2013, DeFazio / oppose S.1486 Postal Reform Act of 2014, Carper, D

Support The Family And Medical Insurance Leave Act (The FAMILY Act) March 2015, DeLauro D-CT/Gillibrand, D-NY H.R.3712 2013, S. 786 2015

Ban income tax on mortgage forgiveness retroactive to 01/01/2008; make forgiveness of debt not taxable unless the incurring of the debt is deductable

League of Women Voters Smart Voter page

More Environment & disaster preparedness : Support the Sanders & Boxer Climate Change Act of 2013, S332 Provide for environmental regulation of natural gas well fracturing; support passage of the FRAC Act; repeal the Halliburton rule or exemption Impose the ozone regulations rejected by the President Phase out the grandfather clause in the Clean Air Act Support the EPA's Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS) Update the Toxic Substances Control Act, eliminate the "grandfather" clauses. Strengthen protections against oil spills Halt off-shore drilling until blow-out preventers that actualy work can be designed, tested, and required / encourage Mr. Bromwich of MMS (or his successor) to be a bit more sensitive to the risk of not requiring blowout preventers that actually work Consider banning Corexit? Repeal the McCain/Flake Amendment to the DAA that allows sale of the Apache holy site at Oak Flat to foreign mining company Resolution Copper Mining LLC (joint venture of UK's Rio Tinto & Australia's BHP-Billiton) Exempt the recharging of passenger vehicles from any provision of law that might make it a criminal or citable offense. Fund a CCC-type program to thin out forests to reduce occurrences of fires like the Rim Fire in locations such as Mt. Rushmore, including culling trees killed by bark beetles. Provide for a refundable recycling fee of 1 cent per cigarette butt or cigar butt; cover with a can and bottle recycling program all states not covered by a can and bottle recycling program Establish federal standards for metal recycling, including full identification of scavengers and locations from which metals have been gathered, filed under penalties of perjury, backed up by audits Restore Gulf-state wetlands Strengthen Louisiana hurricane protections Upgrade the various relevant federal programs to strip out the red tape and increase to 100% the provision of financial assistance to construct EF5-resistant tornado shelters/safe rooms in counties or parishes that have ever suffered tornados F2 or higher Phase-in protections for mid-America against another New Madrid earthquake Begin sweeping the Pacific of floating plastic to the extent possible without further damaging marine life Devise & fund ways to clean up the man-made garbage on the ocean floor. Require sewage treatment plants for factory pig farms. Fund preservation and restoration of rain forests and coral reefs Halt the collapse of the oceans' diversity; oppose the Empty Oceans Act, Hastings R-WA, 12/2013, H.R. 1335 2015 Young-AK Increase the funding for studying near-earth objects.

Devise & fund ways to clean up the man-made garbage on the ocean floor.

Ban exporting raw fossil fuels and certain specified end products of their refinement, with no exemption for free trade zones.

2012 Primary Election Voter Pamphlet CAMPAIGN STATEMENTS for all 5 candidates, 1 progressive (me) and 4 conservatives (them)

Augment the summertime flow in upper Stony Creek tributaries with diversions from upper Eel River tributaries for the purpose of reestablishing Stony Creek salmon runs and improving Eel salmon runs./ construct refrigerated salmon bypass channels in the valleys parallel to Black Butte and Stony Gorge

Adopt the Taxpayer Funds Held in Trust Act

Subsidize small-business lending (more than just the SBA)

Government and Diplomacy : Reverse every Trump Executive Action Consider supporting S.29 - Respect for Marriage Act, 2015-16 , Feinstein D-CA Require human rights improvements by Israel in exchange for continuing the $3,000,000,000 in annual foreign aid; Conversely, no direct or indirect foreign aid or any other funding shall be paid to any government or organization that does not remove from its constitution, charter, bylaws or other governing documents any advocacy for the destruction of Israel or its people. Make all appropriate efforts to restore relations with Cuba Support Congresswoman Lee's "no More Ghost Money Act", H.R. 261 2015 (unsavory payments to foreign officials) Support S.624 Senator Paul Simon Water for the World Act, Durban, 2010 Rescue the Little Cinnamon House in the Virgin Islands Invite Puerto Rico & the U.S. Virgin Islands to become a state Invite the U.S. Pacific Territories to become, collectively, a state Upgrade the infrastructure and social support systems in Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands, & U.S. Pacific Territories to the level of the mainland where lacking. Recognize the unconstitutional exclusion of U.S. Territory residents from Federal Rights & Benefits and develop Amendments and Practies to remedy the exclusions. Offer substantial grants to encourage mergers and consolidations of municipalities and local districts Encourage presidential candidates and Supreme Court Nominees to reveal their IQ, LSAT, SAT, etc. scores; move towards an understanding that climate-change deniers are unfit for public office. Reduce the number of administration appointees requiring advice & consent of the Senate Change U.S. Government programming procurement to engage the vendors with the best programmers rather than those with the best lawyers. Require that every Congressional freshman who has not done so take an Economics 101 course, and keep taking it until achieving a passing grade Construct an adequate Congressional dormitory as part of the Capitol Complex Consider establishing a Congressional Constituent Services Office/Congressional Ombudsman to offload the bulk of constituent services requests from individual members of Congress and improve service delivery Fix whatever rule, regulation, statute, or chilling effect interferes with Congressional staffers answering questions about political plans of their Legislator Properly reimburse the revenue lost to and the expenses incurred by DC for hosting the Nation's Capital/Capitol Make DC transit open earlier for non-office workers to get to work in the morning.

Require for buyers and users of civilian drones that an FAA license be procured conditioned on successful passing of a training course that includes instruction on what locations and practices are off-limits.

Install a one-stop permitting process for major and multi-state projects and add Federal funding agencies

Impose a per-call "equalization" tax on every phone call shunted to an out-of-the-country phone support center; support The United States Call Center Worker and Consumer Protection Act, H.R. 2909 113th Congrss

Avoid raising the Social Security retirement age; restore it to 65;

Water : Recover for the people of California the value of the $1,000,000,000 of water taken illegally from Stony Creek by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation and its clients / set aside the Angle Decree / restore the environmentally damaged and economically depressed upper Stony Creek Watershed / prove the safety of Black Butte Dam abutments; adopt The Angle Act Restore the water rights of the community of La Grange, California Augment the summertime flow in upper Stony Creek tributaries with diversions from upper Eel River tributaries for the purpose of reestablishing Stony Creek salmon runs and improving Eel salmon runs./ construct refrigerated salmon bypass channels in the valleys parallel to Black Butte and Stony Gorge Restore salmon runs on all streams where they once were, nationwide CVP 3 : Strengthen California flood protections sufficiently to withstand a repeat of the floods of 1861-1862 and solve the Delta and supply problems : suspend Section 8 of the Reclamation Act of 1902 and its progeny and preempt conveyance capacity for this project / fund and develop the Westside Conveyance System and reservoirs, Westside Canals and Rio Vista Siphons to Bethany Reservoir, enlarge Shasta, line the Glenn-Colusa Canal / enlarge and extend the Folsom South Canal beyond Stockton to Bethany Reservoir picking up flood flows of Dry Creek, Cosumnes, Mokelumne, and Calaveras Rivers along the way / develop the Orestimba and Los Banos Grandes Reservoirs and enlarge Friant or build Temperance Flat / devise and implement ways to cut reservoir evaporation / plan the logistics to sell California water to Southern Nevada and Arizona to help fund all this - see project outline Place rescue air-boats with first responders in jurisdictions susceptible to inundation by flood. Require USA to pay its fair share of levee district costs Attend to the long term water and flood control needs of San Joaquin and Stanislaus Counties ahead of any export users Restore Hetch Hetchy Restore the Owens River Valley Strengthen subsidies for clean water systems and clean wastewater systems for small rural communities throughout the country; guarantee every American clean water and adequate sanitation

Support H.R.1286 Healthy Families Act 2013-14 DeLauro, D-CT (earn sick pay)

Bring back ACORN.

Make the recognition of women in combat retroactive for pay, benefits, & recognition.

Insist that the IRS interpret 501(c)(4) correctly.

Consider strengthening FATCA, the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act

Ban the practice of hiring permanent replacement workers to replace striking workers.

More prison issues: Support Senator Ben Cardin's Democracy Restoration Act (S. 2017 2011-2012), restore the right to vote for felons who have completed their debt to society Guarantee adequate medical treatment, general education, and vocational programs to persons in government custody, at all levels and stages of Federal, State, or Local incarceration; grant credits for time served for top grades in such study; abolish waiting lists for prisoner education: prisoner applies? increase the allocated resources to cover the request. Restore Pell Grants for prisoners; outlaw any ban on tuition aid for ex-cons; for that matter, outlaw any forms of discrimination against persons who have fully served their time and their parole or probation, including voter rights, employment, housing or food stamps. Halt & reverse prison privatization Cap prisoner phone call charges at levels comparable to those charged the general public. Solve the racial slant that places a disproportionate percentage of people of color in prisons. Consider adopting the Norwegian prison system.

Repeal the portion of the 2012 JOBS Act (HR 3606) that reduces financial protections for the public

Independent Voter Network re Prop 14

Exempt Social Security from student loan garnishment.

NumbersUSA

Prohibit rendition

Explore ways to bring justice to cases such as Matthew Otto's, in Montana

Adopt the 2001 McCain-Edwards-Kennedy Patients' Bill of Rights, S.1052 .

Figure out how to set aside Pattern Makers League of North America v. NLRB, 1985 and then do so.

Cap prisoner phone call charges at levels comparable to those charged the general public.

Support lump-sum relocation subsidies for the unemployed

Strengthen protections against oil spills

Restore the water rights of the community of La Grange, California

Subsidize the reestablishment of refineries in the U.S.

Support Bernie's "Workplace Democracy Act"

Adopt: at all levels of government strip searches are prohibited absent probable cause,

Adopt the Multiple Sclerosis Anti-Discrimination Social Security Act; improve Federal response and nurturing, including disability assistance programs, for wasting diseases such as Huntington's, ALS, MS, Systemic Scleroderma, and so on

Require sewage treatment plants for factory pig farms.

Occasional Associate Member, San Joaquin County Democratic Central Committee

Identify strategic industries essential to the function of and defense of our society (metals, machine tools, power grid components, etc.) and for those that we have lost to outsourcing, fund their return.

Breast Cancer Research Foundation

BIA of the Delta

Ensure and protect, retroactively, the Freedom of Speech/Freedom of Press/Freedom of Petition rights of citizens to film with audio actions of law enforcement on duty or in public

Adopt the Employment Non-Discrimination Act of 2013 (ENDA), S. 815 , and other years; support full federal recognition of gay rights.

Until such time as we move towards single-payer, make it possible for people to make healthcare cost & benefit comparisons without submitting any personal information

Close loopholes excluding public employees from paid family leave provisions.

Phase out percentage depletion allowances

Allow SNAP/food stamps for striking workers and their families

Make all appropriate efforts to restore relations with Cuba

#BlackLivesMatter

Restore the Wall Street speculation fee; include credit default swaps, derivatives, stock options and futures; Support the Ellison Inclusive Prosperity Act HR 1464, 2015-16, Tax Wall Street Bill HR 1579 2013, the Financial Transaction Tax Bill HR 6411 2011-12, etc. all forms of The Robin Hood Tax; examine FASB rules for credit default swaps, consult William K. Black

Outlaw the teaching of "creationism" in any school that receives funds from any government or hosts students in lieu of public schooling

Student Loans, Consider : Forgive student debt for STEM graduates at the time they receive their diplomas; Support Steve Israel's Student Loan Employment Benefits Act of 2012 (HR 5129), the Student Loan Forgiveness Act of 2012, H.R. 4170; the Student Loan Fairness Act HR 1330, Karen Bass, 2013, H.R. 4582, Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act, Courtney D-CT 2013, 15, S.2432 - Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act 2013-14 Warren D-MA Keep student loan interest rates low; Provide that no student loan shall bear an interest rate higher than the lowest rate charged banks by the Treasury or the Federal Reserve Ban the inclusion of student loans on credit reports until such time as they are subject to bankruptcy Support H.R.532 - Private Student Loan Bankruptcy Fairness Act of 2013, Cohen, Either the entity that holds the debt finds you a decent job, or else treat student debt like any other debt in bankruptcy Require deferral of student loans for military on active duty Require deferral of student loans for disabled people for the duration of the disability. Exempt Social Security from student loan garnishment.

Greenpeace

War (See also BUDGET, above) : Restore the name of Department of Defense (the ultimate "spin") to "Department of War" / rename Department of Homeland Security to Department of Defense Discourage use of war as a political policy; reexamine the Kellogg-Briand Pact Fund clearing the VA disability claim and mental health backlogs; Fund VA efforts sufficiently to allow it to clear the backlog and to provide immediate positive response in possible suicide situations; upgrade positive suicide response time from 17 days to immediate; expand veterans' care to all veterans, not just those serving at certain times or in certain theaters. Designate the Fort Hood shooting as a terrorist act and thus "combat related" for the purposes of U.S. Military victim benefits. Adopt: Veterans and their dependants shall receive health care treatment upon showing up at a VA facility and completing a declaration of qualification. Only then shall the VA commence its process to determine eligibility but while that review continues, no veteran or their dependant shall be denied health care and if the review is ultimately adverse to the veteran, the veteran shall not be charged for the care during the review; accept veterans' claims subject to audit, like the IRS does with tax returns claiming refunds Add such firefighters and firefighter union health plans as wish it to the Veterans' Administration Health Administration, adding a research unit on firefighter cancers and other health problems. Relax the VA's stinginess on meds. Make the recognition of women in combat retroactive for pay, benefits, & recognition. Support H.R.4628 - MOM Act, 2013-14, Duckworth, D-IL Support H.R.2377 , ENLIST Act 2013-14, Denham R-CA Allow Sikhs to enlist without requiring loss of turbans or facial hair If not yet done, rescind the dishonorable discharges given gay veterans, and replace with honorable discharges Support the Sexual Assault Training Oversight and Prevention Act or STOP Act, H.R. 1503, 2013-14 Jackie Speier; support the Gillibrand Military Justice Improvement Act of 2013, S. 967 or S. 1752? (handling sexual assault) Require judicial review of drone strikes that target U.S. Citizens; halt the use of drone strikes within countries with which we are not at war or for which we don't have that country's permission Remove the FOIA exception that allows the memo justifying the drone killing of U.S. Citizens to remain withheld Require for buyers and users of civilian drones that an FAA license be procured conditioned on successful passing of a training course that includes instruction on what locations and practices are off-limits. Examine the ramifications of using depleted uranium and white phosphorus shells and support appropriate abatement legislation. Support Senator Feinstein's NDAA modification bill? Support Barbara Lee's H.R. 198 to repeal the Authorization to use Military Force, 2013-14; Support Barbara Lee's AUMF repeal, War Authorization Review and Determination Act or WARD Act. H.R.4608, 2014 Escalate the sweep of the oceans of Somali, Malay, & Filipino pirates Solve the Skynet/singularity risk.

Fix whatever rule, regulation, statute, or chilling effect interferes with Congressional staffers answering questions about political plans of their Legislator

Require on-line vendors to show prominently a "made in . . . " on every web page for every product offered.

Robocalls or robodialers must identify themselves as such.

Provide that any multi-jurisdictional campaign to interfere with the electoral franchise shall be prosecutable under RICO and related statutes, including those efforts using a sham excuse of preventing voter fraud

Consider hearings on the motives and methods behind the arrest & incarceration of Barrett Brown.

Recover for the people of California the value of the $1,000,000,000 of water taken illegally from Stony Creek by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation and its clients / set aside the Angle Decree / restore the environmentally damaged and economically depressed upper Stony Creek Watershed / prove the safety of Black Butte Dam abutments; adopt The Angle Act

Provide that union certification votes shall succeed by a majority of those workers voting, not by a majority of workers eligible to vote

Phase-in protections for mid-America against another New Madrid earthquake

Define as a "poll tax" any photo-ID requirement for voting, any candidate filing fee, any candidate party endorsement application fee

Support the NRCS Environmental Quality Incentives Program

Require the National Archives to return upon request case files to the courts from which they came

MoveOn.org

Curtail the death penalty

Oppose the union busting aspects of Common Core and Race to the Top

Modesto Bee

Add such firefighters and firefighter union health plans as wish it to the Veterans' Administration Health Administration, adding a research unit on firefighter cancers and other health problems.

PeaceActionWest

Fund serious infrastructure maintenance and upgrades: highways & bridges, rail, waterways & ports, air, communications, power, electrical transmission, fuel, nuclear power plant seismic retrofits, sewage treatment plants and drinking water systems, move utilities underground, etc. ; fund the list at mjbarkl.com/infrastr.jpg :

California State Bar (LSAT 710)

Solve the racial slant that places a disproportionate percentage of people of color in prisons.

Adopt: Veterans and their dependants shall receive health care treatment upon showing up at a VA facility and completing a declaration of qualification. Only then shall the VA commence its process to determine eligibility but while that review continues, no veteran or their dependant shall be denied health care and if the review is ultimately adverse to the veteran, the veteran shall not be charged for the care during the review; accept veterans' claims subject to audit, like the IRS does with tax returns claiming refunds

Sierra Club

Support Improving Access to Social Security Services Act S.2742 2014, Schumer, D-NY

Add full power to impose modification of mortgages on a primary residence to the bankruptcy court's jurisdiction ; support the 2009 Dick Durbin Amendment to allow use of Bankruptcy to protect consumers in foreclosure

New Democrat Coalition

Require deferral of student loans for military on active duty

Cover medical interns and residents under the Fair Labor Standards Act and end the barbaric exploitive sleep deprivation rite of passage

Provide for compensation without eligibility penalty of college athletes who produce college gross revenue

Set minimum standards nationwide for workers' compensation; ban imports of manufactured goods from countries that do not meet those standards; consider the same for workplace safety and environmental protection

Make banks liable for the effects of "zombie mortgages".

Either the entity that holds the debt finds you a decent job, or else treat student debt like any other debt in bankruptcy

Legalize marijuana for adults, especially in order to reduce the drug wars in Mexico; include adequate protections for young people; or at least legalize medical marijuana at the Federal level; legalize industrial hemp - fund research on the possibilities of Industrial hemp; remove the restrictions on marijuana research.

Require a national standard minimum commercial airline legroom.

Transportation & Transportation Safety : Advocate restoring cuts to Essential Air Service, if any; carefully examine Mica's bill HR 658, 03/2011; consider using gas tax money to subsidize air service to smaller regional airports Require a national standard minimum commercial airline legroom. Require sensors for when there is an obstruction on a rail crossing after the arms come down, and thence an automatic full stop for the on-coming train. Require seatbelts on intercity buses and trains [2013, looks like Congress is doing this! Great.] Subsidize Greyhound (or Amtrak) bus service to small towns Require that adjacent public transit agencies (such as Stanislaus and San Joaquin) provide inter-agency transfer points with syncronized schedules Require collision avoidance and speed control systems on all motor vehicles by 2025 Urge GM to return to Manteca Require a beltway plan for all cities over 50,000 population Link I-205/I-580 to I-505 Upgrade SR-99 to Interstate highway status

If imposing the Social Security Government Pension Offset and Windfall Elimination Provision would put the recipient below the poverty line then it shall not be applied. Retroactively. For that matter, eliminate the Social Security Government Pension Offset and Windfall Elimination Provision as unfairly cheating workers of their earnings.

Allow Sikhs to enlist without requiring loss of turbans or facial hair

Require energy independence

Consider shortening statutes of limitation for wrongful immigration to 5 years including for re-immigration after deportation except for persons deported who have been convicted of a felony or who accepted deportation in lieu of prosecution for a felony; provide that such limitation shall apply regardless of whether or not it is asserted

Where pepper spray has been acquired in interstate commerce or in any way with Federal funds, make it a Federal felony to use pepper spray against an asthmatic or a pregnant woman.

Shut down the gun madness, make guns a privilege, not a right: Repeal the Right to Keep and Bear Arms, impose a graduated tax on ownership and possession with penalties for misuse , see draft Amendment Resolution and Legislation

Central Valley Stonewall Democratic Club

Exclude home mortgage foreclosures from FICO scores, credit reports, and mortgage aps

Support McNerney's (METH Act) H.R.752 - Methamphetamine Education, Treatment, and Hope Act of 2013

Support the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act, S.942, 113th Congress, Senator Casey

Support Bernie Sanders' [was] A Fair and Humane Immigration Policy

Figure out what to do about the "temporary help" scam whereby companies, especially large companies, use a revolving door of teams of low-paid workers from temporary help agencies to avoid paying fair wages or benefits.

Rescue the Little Cinnamon House in the Virgin Islands

National Education Association

Support Senator Warren's ( & Coburn's ?) Truth in Settlements Act of 2014 , S.1898

Establish a lobby desk and department in every United States Court to assist pro per litigants and make and coordinate requests for pro bono assistance with the local bar

Investigate and regulate Fair Isaacs (FICO)

Restore the name of Department of Defense (the ultimate "spin") to "Department of War" / rename Department of Homeland Security to Department of Defense

Restore the Owens River Valley

Explore ways to encourage the repatriation of corporate funds stored offshore, including by an excise tax; consider an excise tax on funds or profits parked offshore; eliminate the tax deferral on offshore corporate profits; support the Stop Tax Haven Abuse Act of 2011, S. 1346./ support a "pure worldwide tax system", support the Wyden-Gregg tax reform bill.( The Bipartisan Tax Fairness and Simplification Act of 2010 (S. 3018) ) - oppose a "territorial tax system"

Require a beltway plan for all cities over 50,000 population

Allow, encourage, require all foreclosing lenders to negotiate a post-foreclosure continuing tenancy agreement for homeowners losing their homes to foreclosure.

Democrats.org

Support HR 3118/S.567, Linda Sanchez/Tom Harkin Strengthening the Social Security Act of 2013; add reverse means testing to SSI and Social Security to lift recipients out of poverty

Recognize and respect the differences between immigrants and refugees.

Support the Sexual Assault Training Oversight and Prevention Act or STOP Act, H.R. 1503, 2013-14 Jackie Speier; support the Gillibrand Military Justice Improvement Act of 2013, S. 967 or S. 1752? (handling sexual assault)

Increase the amount retirees can earn without adversely impacting their Social Security

Friends of the Earth

Construct a multi-track grade-separated freight rail beltway around Chicago

League of Conservation Voters

Restore Tricare cuts;

Support Senator Feinstein's NDAA modification bill? Support Barbara Lee's H.R. 198 to repeal the Authorization to use Military Force, 2013-14; Support Barbara Lee's AUMF repeal, War Authorization Review and Determination Act or WARD Act. H.R.4608, 2014

Require that adjacent public transit agencies (such as Stanislaus and San Joaquin) provide inter-agency transfer points with syncronized schedules

Ascertain whether or not the IRS or any other Federal agency has outsourced any call center activity and if it has, put a stop to it

Extend human environment protections to foreign installations and subsidiaries of domestic businesses.

Strengthen subsidies for clean water systems and clean wastewater systems for small rural communities throughout the country; guarantee every American clean water and adequate sanitation

Support the EPA's Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS)

Support environmentally-friendly domestic aquaculture

Impose the ozone regulations rejected by the President

Consumer Financial Protection : Examine restoring the portion of the Glass-Steagall Act repealed by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act in 1999 and reversing the other relaxations of it - Support HR 1489 2011? but beware of LaRouchePAC participation - support Elizabeth Warren's 21st Century Glass Steagall Act, S. 1282, 2013-14 instead? Repeal the portion of the 2012 JOBS Act (HR 3606) that reduces financial protections for the public Restore the Wall Street speculation fee; include credit default swaps, derivatives, stock options and futures; Support the Ellison Inclusive Prosperity Act HR 1464, 2015-16, Tax Wall Street Bill HR 1579 2013, the Financial Transaction Tax Bill HR 6411 2011-12, etc. all forms of The Robin Hood Tax; examine FASB rules for credit default swaps, consult William K. Black Put ALL derivatives on an exchange with transaction taxes and transparency Prohibit naked short sales or purchases of any security or commodity. For financial firms in bankruptcy or receiving bailouts or being merged or sold or liquidated under government supervision, provide a 10-year claw-back of management salaries, bonuses, severance, settlements, or other fees, and consultant, legal, accounting, and rating-agency fees Fully fund SEC, CFTC, CFPB, etc. Strengthen Dodd-Frank; modify Dodd-Frank to treat mortgage brokers and banks equally rather than running those brokers who behaved properly out of business to punish those who did not behave properly Support Senator Warren's ( & Coburn's ?) Truth in Settlements Act of 2014 , S.1898 Support regulations to close Wall Street's 'Retirement Advice' loophole Slowly increase banking reserve requirements Strengthen the Stock Act Investigate and regulate Fair Isaacs (FICO) Bring foreclosures to a dead stop: Add full power to impose modification of mortgages on a primary residence to the bankruptcy court's jurisdiction ; support the 2009 Dick Durbin Amendment to allow use of Bankruptcy to protect consumers in foreclosure Require every forcloser that foreclosed on someone illegally to furnish all details of what they did and where they went wrong NOW without further delay. Support eminent domain buy back of underwater home loans Phase in allowing REO rentals; expand the FHFA "deed for lease" program and implement a lease-to-own program Allow, encourage, require all foreclosing lenders to negotiate a post-foreclosure continuing tenancy agreement for homeowners losing their homes to foreclosure. Allow, encourage, require foreclosing lenders to extend to persons losing their home in foreclosure first right of refusal on any subsequent sale of that home Develop and fund an FHA-like program for home purchases by persons who have suffered foreclosures or short sales because of failures to bargain in good faith by lenders such as Bank of America (Countrywide Financial) Exclude home mortgage foreclosures from FICO scores, credit reports, and mortgage aps Figure out how to require that persons refinancing a home be offered the same sort of advantageous interest rates as persons purchasing a home, and then implement it; require such refinancing be allowed even if "under water" or insufficient equity Ease home mortgage criteria at the bottom of cycles, tighten them at the top (instead of backwards like we are doing now which has seriously damaged the housing market). Make banks liable for the effects of "zombie mortgages". Get serious about curing homelessness. Adopt and fund the Salt Lake City and Houston solutions. Investigate whether or not USDA Rural Housing Centralized Servicing Center is properly handling requests for financial assistance on mortgages owed by persons in financial distress and fix the problem if there is one; investigate whether or not disabled persons are being denied rural housing Repair/Rehab funds routinely granted the elderly and fix the problem if there is one; Prohibit gift card fees and expiration; ban rebate card expirations Require that any agency using debit cards to pay benefits pay all debit card fees that would otherwise be imposed on the beneficiary; for any employer using payroll cards, require that the employee not be charged Prohibit expiration of pre-paid cell phone minutes Support net neutrality, oppose CISPA Reform Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act to make social media take responsibility. Student Loans, Consider : Forgive student debt for STEM graduates at the time they receive their diplomas; Support Steve Israel's Student Loan Employment Benefits Act of 2012 (HR 5129), the Student Loan Forgiveness Act of 2012, H.R. 4170; the Student Loan Fairness Act HR 1330, Karen Bass, 2013, H.R. 4582, Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act, Courtney D-CT 2013, 15, S.2432 - Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act 2013-14 Warren D-MA Keep student loan interest rates low; Provide that no student loan shall bear an interest rate higher than the lowest rate charged banks by the Treasury or the Federal Reserve Ban the inclusion of student loans on credit reports until such time as they are subject to bankruptcy Support H.R.532 - Private Student Loan Bankruptcy Fairness Act of 2013, Cohen, Either the entity that holds the debt finds you a decent job, or else treat student debt like any other debt in bankruptcy Require deferral of student loans for military on active duty Require deferral of student loans for disabled people for the duration of the disability. Exempt Social Security from student loan garnishment.

More Education Adopt the BUDGET (below) and restore school funding in every state Support free Community College; support free State College tuition; Support Senator Sanders' College for All Act Support President Obama's preschool for all proposal, or at least fund pre-K education for at-risk kids; fund after-school and gang avoidance programs for at-risk kids; if not already, require that compensation packages for Head Start and other pre-K faculty and staff match K-12 levels; Expand affordable child care and after school programs with tax credits; Support The Strong Start for America's Children Act of 2013 (H.R. 3461), Miller D-CA Allow campaign funds to be used for child care. Consider funding and expanding the Khan Academy concept Require and fund restoration of wood and metal shop classes and life skills class components such as personal budgeting at all high schools; do the same for physical education, music, and art; establish or strengthen computer and engineering labs in high schools. Rebalance the systems of educational scoring or bumping to get 99-week or longer unemployed persons into the classes they need Is there anything in the UMBC model that can be pushed down into lower grades? Outlaw the teaching of "creationism" in any school that receives funds from any government or hosts students in lieu of public schooling

Provide that the sole criteria for voter registration and regulation of persons registering voters in the U.S. shall be by regulations set by the Federal Elections Commission

When they return, care for their wounds and disabilities without stint, fund their pensions, honor their service, ensure that they prosper with education, housing, jobs, counseling, etc. Forever.

Amend: "Except as provided elsewhere in this Constitution, all issues in either body of Congress shall be resolved by simple majority vote of eligible voters in that body"

Adopt,Voting, Amend: "1. Every citizen shall have the right to vote in all jurisdictions that include the citizen's declared principal residence. "2. Exercise of that right to vote shall be under such Regulations as the Congress shall make." ( Support the 2013 Pocan/Ellison Right to Vote Amendment, H.J. Res. 25 [can't find this one either?] ) or, "The right to vote of citizens over the age of 18 shall not be infringed."

Legislative:

Challenge the racist portions of the Safe Communities Act/Keep Our Communities Safe Act; Adopt A federal level anti-profiling act

Guns : See Constitutional below #BlackLivesMatter Repeal the 2005 gun manufacturer lawsuit shield act (The Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act (PLCAA) ); Remove the litigation protection enjoyed by the gun industry; Subject gun manufacturers to tort liability and CPSC jurisdiction Set aside the prohibition against the CDC researching gun violence, and fund the research. Ban lead bullets; educate the public on the risks of using steel bullets in dry grass.

Allow, encourage, require foreclosing lenders to extend to persons losing their home in foreclosure first right of refusal on any subsequent sale of that home

Construct an adequate Congressional dormitory as part of the Capitol Complex

Devise and implement guidelines for nurse-practitioners to operate free clinics without physician supervision, especially in the aftermath of disasters

Occasional member Latino Community Roundtable, Modesto

Lawyer/CPA (Inactive)/Computer Programmer/Rancher-Farmer

Require Project Labor Agreements where possible for all federal, state, and local contracts.

Occasional member Sacramento Valley Chapter, Brady Campaign [None of the major gun control groups offer memberships except LCAV for $250]

Label by statute the practices of "waterboarding", sleep deprivation and hypothermia as torture

350.org

Develop air quality standards for small independent truckers that will allow them to remain in business, and preempt such standards for them nationwide, including at the nation's ports ; require foreign truckers to meet the same standards that domestic truckers have to meet; require clean indoor restrooms with running water for all port drivers and at all truck brake check areas and all regulatory scale facilities; explore other methods to assist small independent truckers

Consider the Lynne Stewart case and fix what went wrong; rewrite SAMS - Special Administrative Measures - to comport with the Bill of Rights

Law & Justice : Establish a Federal "chicken" court; whenever anyone feels the application of a rule by an agency is "chicken" they file a complaint with the chicken court - the judge and stenographer show up at the complainant's location, record what the complainant has to say, gives the agency 5 days to defend, considers for another 5 days, and then issues a non-appealable ruling allowing or disallowing the application, the loser to pay the court $100 / Design some sort of Federal Small Claims Court where the targeted public, especially farmers, can protest arbitrarily applied and pointless regulations, and get the application of them suspended or redressed. Set aside the entirety of Section 8 Housing written agreements and replace them with a single phrase notice: "We reserve the right to halt payment for any reason." Examine Section 8 for a relationship to mobile home, travel trailer, and motor home owners, to ensure that poor and destitute who happen to own and live in one can still get the rental help they need for the ground lease payments, including waiver for physical condition of the residence. Bring back ACORN. Increase AmeriCorps funding Explore ways to bring justice to the matter of Tim DeChristopher, Bidder70; Seek pardon, apology & reparations. Explore ways to bring justice to cases such as Matthew Otto's, in Montana Consider hearings on the motives and methods behind the arrest & incarceration of Barrett Brown. Support Zoe Lofgren's "Aaron's Law", HR 2454, 2013-14 Establish a lobby desk and department in every United States Court to assist pro per litigants and make and coordinate requests for pro bono assistance with the local bar Restore funding to the Legal Services Corporation / enhance funding of CRLA Require the National Archives to return upon request case files to the courts from which they came Curtail the death penalty Require changing the practice of labeling cases "People vs." to "[Governmental Entity] vs." / rename all statutory crime or civil labels of "Obstructing Justice" to "Interference with Investigation" or whatever other label is appropriate / establish a rule that lying by any government person to a civil or criminal defendant, whether before or after commencement of prosecution or litigation, is a compensable denial of due process Adopt: at all levels of government strip searches are prohibited absent probable cause, Provide that the holding that a defendant received a fair trial is irrelevant if reasonable doubt can be shown that the defendant did not commit the crime. Ensure and protect, retroactively, the Freedom of Speech/Freedom of Press/Freedom of Petition rights of citizens to film with audio actions of law enforcement on duty or in public Regulate the street drug "Bath Salts" (methylenedioxypyrovalerone / MDPV / mephedrone ) Support McNerney's (METH Act) H.R.752 - Methamphetamine Education, Treatment, and Hope Act of 2013 Legalize marijuana for adults, especially in order to reduce the drug wars in Mexico; include adequate protections for young people; or at least legalize medical marijuana at the Federal level; legalize industrial hemp - fund research on the possibilities of Industrial hemp; remove the restrictions on marijuana research. Consider the 09/2015 $10 billion "Hillary Clinton Drug Epidemic Plan," [sorry, busted link] Support the S.1410 - Smarter Sentencing Act of 2014, Durbin-IL Revise Federal & State asset forfeiture to eliminate miscarriage of justice; outlaw "national security letters, no knock searches, broad general warrants, preconviction forfeitures." Rewrite the Patriot Act to respect the Bill of Rights Label by statute the practices of "waterboarding", sleep deprivation and hypothermia as torture Prohibit rendition Consider the Lynne Stewart case and fix what went wrong; rewrite SAMS - Special Administrative Measures - to comport with the Bill of Rights Provide that Investigation, charging, and prosecution of peace officer-involved homicides shall be by State Prosecutors, not Local, but in the event that State Prosecutors are unable or unwilling to prosecute, it shall be by Federal Prosecutors who shall have all the rights and privileges of State and Local Prosecutors.and shall apply State Law in the exercise of those rights; consider supporting the Conyers and Johnson Police Accountability Bills; require the keeping of statistics on deaths at the hands of police in the USA, including who is armed or unarmed, who is facing or fleeing, the races of the victims, and such other data as might be indicative of a problem. Where pepper spray has been acquired in interstate commerce or in any way with Federal funds, make it a Federal felony to use pepper spray against an asthmatic or a pregnant woman. Where plastic ties have been acquired in interstate commerce or in any way with Federal funds, make it a Federal felony to use them in lieu of handcuffs in such away as causes any damage whatsoever to those upon whom they are used. Acknowledge that the use of Guantanamo Bay for a prison violates the lease and warrants its termination and turn over possession of the entire facility to the Government of Cuba by 2016 Fully fund the BATFE Examine and then Support the Sexual Assault Forensic Evidence Registry Act, SAFER Act of 2012, 2013, S. 3250 (Cornyn), HR. 1523?, S. 80; Ban charging victims for rape kit tests. If there is still a problem getting older fingerprint cards into the system, develop a fleet of mobile processing labs to visit underfunded jurisdictions and start processing those print cards. More prison issues: Support Senator Ben Cardin's Democracy Restoration Act (S. 2017 2011-2012), restore the right to vote for felons who have completed their debt to society Guarantee adequate medical treatment, general education, and vocational programs to persons in government custody, at all levels and stages of Federal, State, or Local incarceration; grant credits for time served for top grades in such study; abolish waiting lists for prisoner education: prisoner applies? increase the allocated resources to cover the request. Restore Pell Grants for prisoners; outlaw any ban on tuition aid for ex-cons; for that matter, outlaw any forms of discrimination against persons who have fully served their time and their parole or probation, including voter rights, employment, housing or food stamps. Halt & reverse prison privatization Cap prisoner phone call charges at levels comparable to those charged the general public. Solve the racial slant that places a disproportionate percentage of people of color in prisons. Consider adopting the Norwegian prison system.

California Democratic Party

Health (See also BUDGET, below) : Basically I'm seeing 4 kinds of health care improvement plans: 1) Enhanced & improved Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) 2) Actual Medicare for All (lower the eligible age to zero, still requires supplemental insurance, and since Medicare is optional, it would be a "public option") 3) [Enhanced] Medicare for all (existing strengthened, to eliminate the need for supplemental insurance) 4) Single Payer (100% coverage, like Taiwan, often being mislabeled Medicare for All) I would vote for any and all of these. My Budget, below, pays for the first two - if the other two are adopted I can rework my Budget. Add to whatever is chosen coverage for dental, vision, hearing, bathroom DME and workers' compensation injuries. Restore Tricare cuts; Allow Medicare to negotiate price on drugs, medical devices, equipment, CT or MRI scans, etc. Strengthen the powers of the Treasury, FDA, and Medicare to hold hearings to identify price-gouging for a specific drug, identify a reasonable retail price for that drug, and then take through eminent domain the right to manufacture and sell that drug for the valuation based on that price. Require Medicare/MedicAid and all other insurers pay 100% of Continuous Glucose Monitoring (CGM) Devices for diabetics Adopt that any prohibitions against health care for undocumented immigrants shall not apply to immunizations, innoculations and vaccinations against disease; for that matter, set aside any such prohibitions as being racist. Consider scrapping the Medicare enrollment period - people need Medicare all year long, not just in a couple of autumn months. Until such time as we move towards single-payer, make it possible for people to make healthcare cost & benefit comparisons without submitting any personal information Consider requiring that any health insurer offering health insurance anywhere in the country must offer health insurance at the same rate under any ACA exchange everywhere in the country, with preemptions of state law to make it work. Reopen Patterson Hospital and other small rural hospitals throughout the country? Consider the Camden Coalition project; Adopt the 2001 McCain-Edwards-Kennedy Patients' Bill of Rights, S.1052 . Establish a Federal Insurance Authority to monitor and punish predatory insurance practices, including below cost marketing, merger & acquisition activity funded by aggressive claim denials especially in workers' compensation third party claims administration, and so on. Figure out how and then include insurance companies under anti-trust law. Extend Americans with Disabilities Act coverage to the entire Federal Government, excluding only combat, law enforcement, and Secret Service; expand OSHA to cover all government employees, excluding only combat, law enforcement, and Secret Service Support H.R.1286 Healthy Families Act 2013-14 DeLauro, D-CT (earn sick pay) Support The Family And Medical Insurance Leave Act (The FAMILY Act) March 2015, DeLauro D-CT/Gillibrand, D-NY H.R.3712 2013, S. 786 2015 Support the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act, S.942, 113th Congress, Senator Casey Require that GMO foods be labeled as such; support The Genetically Engineered Food Right-to-Know Act, Boxer, S.511 2015; Repeal the Monsanto Protection Act included in Spending Bill HR 933 that President Obama signed. Research & solve the bee death problem; support a moratorium on the sale, distribution and use of neonicotinoids Grant $15,000 payment in first trimester or $10,000 in second trimester for any pregnant woman of any age who decides not to have an abortion, which may be applied for in any appearance at a qualified abortion clinic, which clinic shall also receive a compensatory payment (sufficient to make the decision financially neutral for a typical clinic) if the other payment is accepted. Such payment shall be made even if the woman never had any intent of obtaining an abortion; scrap the Hyde Amendment and ensure Planned Parenthood is treated equally in all Government funding. Support the Women's Health Protection Act of 2013, S. 1696, Blumenthal Support the Access to Birth Control Act, H.R. 728, 2013-14, Maloney & Lautenberg Consider stripping pharmaceuticals and medical devices out of the 1980 Bayh-Dole Act. Devise and implement guidelines for nurse-practitioners to operate free clinics without physician supervision, especially in the aftermath of disasters Remove barriers to stem cell research Increase funding for AIDS, cancer, MS, ALS, and similar research, Enhance the Cancer Moonshot, a National Cancer Institute initiative launched by President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden. Increase funding of CDC and NIH pandemic research and prevention sufficiently to ensure adequate protection of this country & SNAP/Food Stamps - work to improve nutrition for the poor and to make sure funds allocated for that purpose are not diverted from that purpose: Investigate and halt any practice of denying SNAP/food stamps to recipients of SSI, SSDI, or state or any other sort of disability compensation Find out why people who work part time are not allowed SNAP/food stamps, if that is the case, and fix it. Reassess food stamp/SNAP coverage for the elderly who are caring for other family members to make sure the assistance is fair and adequate. Add fingerprint sensing technology to SNAP/food stamp system to stop the selling of the "stamps" to others? Or make them individually payable so that anyone else using them will be rejected? Explore ways to make the various types of "food stamps" usable only by the intended recipient.

Phase in cap & trade, or better yet carbon fee and dividends

Support HR 1124, the Fairness in Taxation Act of 2011, Schakowsky

require that all levels of elections allow candidates to identify their political party

Develop and fund an FHA-like program for home purchases by persons who have suffered foreclosures or short sales because of failures to bargain in good faith by lenders such as Bank of America (Countrywide Financial)

Set aside the entirety of Section 8 Housing written agreements and replace them with a single phrase notice: "We reserve the right to halt payment for any reason."

Summary/high points: Adopt Medicare for All Adopt the Labor Bill of Rights Bring jobs back from overseas Humanize personal income Solve housing Upgrade infrastructure Fund Greyhound Solve climate change Nationalize the right to vote and protect the voting system Replace impeachment Fix California's flooding risk and water shortages Adopt U.S. balanced budget Humanize immigration Fund education Black Lives Matter Repeal the right to keep and bear arms

Require every forcloser that foreclosed on someone illegally to furnish all details of what they did and where they went wrong NOW without further delay.

Don't send them to war based on a lie. Define the objective and support their efforts to attain it. Do not take their sacrifices for granted. Do not waste their lives and limbs.

Support Steve Israel's Student Loan Employment Benefits Act of 2012 (HR 5129), the Student Loan Forgiveness Act of 2012, H.R. 4170; the Student Loan Fairness Act HR 1330, Karen Bass, 2013, H.R. 4582, Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act, Courtney D-CT 2013, 15, S.2432 - Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act 2013-14 Warren D-MA

Extend full collective bargaining rights to temporary workers.

The Nature Conservancy

Voter rights: Provide that the sole criteria for voter registration and regulation of persons registering voters in the U.S. shall be by regulations set by the Federal Elections Commission Extend the Voting Rights Act Section 5 pre-approval process to all electing jurisdictions; add the 2012 disenfranchise states to Section 5 of the voting rights act Outlaw the imposition of any requirement for registering to vote other than the unsupported declaration under penalty of perjury that the person registering is eligible to vote / ban the increasing state-level insistance on government-issued photo-IDs for voting, limits on student voting, and limits on same-day registration / adopt registration-friendly rules for voter registration drives Define as a "poll tax" any photo-ID requirement for voting, any candidate filing fee, any candidate party endorsement application fee Provide for "early voting" in all jurisdictions Provide that every polling place that accumulates a waiting line of more than one hour on election day shall be open for voting the next day regardless of the day of the week that would be. Support Hillary Clinton's Count Every Vote Act of 2005 S. 450 Consider adding to all elections the option for a voter to make his/her vote a public vote rather than a secret vote to aid in testing and reducing vote-recording and counting fraud such as that as has been alleged in Ohio in 2004. Provide that any multi-jurisdictional campaign to interfere with the electoral franchise shall be prosecutable under RICO and related statutes, including those efforts using a sham excuse of preventing voter fraud Support HR 5799 - Voter Empowerment Act of 2012, by Rep. John Lewis of Georgia to reverse ALEC Jim Crow laws, H.R. 12 2013-14 Support Attorney General Holder's proposal for automatic voter registration of all citizens; make voting a right to be taken away, not a privilege to be requested; support national, electronic, automatic voter registration. Consider Norm Ornstein's voter lottery as an incentive to vote Change the FCC candidate preference rules to exclude negative ads from preferred rates. Consider supporting H.R.20 - Government By the People Act of 2014, Sarbanse D-MD Exclude campaign contributions received, from Section 8 and other safety net calculations. Adopt: 1) The Legislature finds that the practice of political parties charging candidates a fee to be considered for endorsement is inherently corrupt and deceptive and therefore adopts: 2) It shall be unlawful for any government agency to include any candidate endorsement in any government-funded voter pamphlet where the candidate was charged a fee for consideration of that endorsement. Robocalls or robodialers must identify themselves as such.

Extend unemployment benefits for the 99-ers if still relevant; impose means-testing for unemployment benefits / extablish a substantial tax credit for hiring ex convicts and those who have exhausted their unemployment benefits

Reduce the number of administration appointees requiring advice & consent of the Senate

Support President Obama's preschool for all proposal, or at least fund pre-K education for at-risk kids; fund after-school and gang avoidance programs for at-risk kids; if not already, require that compensation packages for Head Start and other pre-K faculty and staff match K-12 levels; Expand affordable child care and after school programs with tax credits; Support The Strong Start for America's Children Act of 2013 (H.R. 3461), Miller D-CA

Recognize the unconstitutional exclusion of U.S. Territory residents from Federal Rights & Benefits and develop Amendments and Practies to remedy the exclusions.

Support the Durbin Privatization limitation bill

Reopen all the black lung cases on which Dr. Paul Wheeler of Johns Hopkins had any input.

Immigration : Pass the Dream Act; initiate a "Private Bill Project" to accomplish the goals of the Dream Act until such time as the Dream Act is adopted. Establish within ICE & USCIS a joint Office of Reuniting Families and give it the power to carry out its mission and cut through time and bureaucracy, to act within 30 days upon the petition of any U.S. citizen to protect a relative: issue at least a permanent green card to protected spouses, and ancestors, siblings, descendants, nephews & nieces, and their spouses and eliminate all citizenship application waiting periods and any requirement to return to the home country for them, including any already deported but excluding those awaiting prosecution for or convicted of a felony or accepting deportation in lieu of prosecution for a felony unless the felony is an immigration law violation; suppport the Respect Families Resolution. Except for offering water, food, clothing, shelter, or medical care, require that Border Patrol or ICE does not talk with a family member related to or anyone suspected of being an undocumented alien without first there being a qualified attorney appointed for that person and that attorney being present. Require that persons facing deportation be furnished counsel: Adopt "Deportation is a criminal penalty," to ensure full rights in prosecution; expand H.R.4936 - Vulnerable Immigrant Voice Act 2013-14 Jeffires, D-NY to cover all immigrants under threat of deportation Consider shortening statutes of limitation for wrongful immigration to 5 years including for re-immigration after deportation except for persons deported who have been convicted of a felony or who accepted deportation in lieu of prosecution for a felony; provide that such limitation shall apply regardless of whether or not it is asserted End the 3 & 10-year ban on reentry Support Bernie Sanders' [was] A Fair and Humane Immigration Policy Challenge the racist portions of the Safe Communities Act/Keep Our Communities Safe Act; Adopt A federal level anti-profiling act Fund relief for the Mexican border deportee refugee camps. Recognize and respect the differences between immigrants and refugees.

Examine and then Support the Sexual Assault Forensic Evidence Registry Act, SAFER Act of 2012, 2013, S. 3250 (Cornyn), HR. 1523?, S. 80; Ban charging victims for rape kit tests.

Require human rights improvements by Israel in exchange for continuing the $3,000,000,000 in annual foreign aid; Conversely, no direct or indirect foreign aid or any other funding shall be paid to any government or organization that does not remove from its constitution, charter, bylaws or other governing documents any advocacy for the destruction of Israel or its people.

Strengthen Louisiana hurricane protections

Ban school vouchers

The American Legion (Vietnam era non-combat vet, U.S. Navy, made E-5 in 26 months)

Bring foreclosures to a dead stop: Add full power to impose modification of mortgages on a primary residence to the bankruptcy court's jurisdiction ; support the 2009 Dick Durbin Amendment to allow use of Bankruptcy to protect consumers in foreclosure Require every forcloser that foreclosed on someone illegally to furnish all details of what they did and where they went wrong NOW without further delay. Support eminent domain buy back of underwater home loans Phase in allowing REO rentals; expand the FHFA "deed for lease" program and implement a lease-to-own program Allow, encourage, require all foreclosing lenders to negotiate a post-foreclosure continuing tenancy agreement for homeowners losing their homes to foreclosure. Allow, encourage, require foreclosing lenders to extend to persons losing their home in foreclosure first right of refusal on any subsequent sale of that home Develop and fund an FHA-like program for home purchases by persons who have suffered foreclosures or short sales because of failures to bargain in good faith by lenders such as Bank of America (Countrywide Financial) Exclude home mortgage foreclosures from FICO scores, credit reports, and mortgage aps Figure out how to require that persons refinancing a home be offered the same sort of advantageous interest rates as persons purchasing a home, and then implement it; require such refinancing be allowed even if "under water" or insufficient equity Ease home mortgage criteria at the bottom of cycles, tighten them at the top (instead of backwards like we are doing now which has seriously damaged the housing market). Make banks liable for the effects of "zombie mortgages".

Slowly increase banking reserve requirements

Upgrade the various relevant federal programs to strip out the red tape and increase to 100% the provision of financial assistance to construct EF5-resistant tornado shelters/safe rooms in counties or parishes that have ever suffered tornados F2 or higher

Extend Americans with Disabilities Act coverage to the entire Federal Government, excluding only combat, law enforcement, and Secret Service; expand OSHA to cover all government employees, excluding only combat, law enforcement, and Secret Service

Consider establishing a Congressional Constituent Services Office/Congressional Ombudsman to offload the bulk of constituent services requests from individual members of Congress and improve service delivery

Require collision avoidance and speed control systems on all motor vehicles by 2025

Former, 3-time Elected Delegate to the California Democratic Convention, AD-12

Progressive Democrats of America

Establish within ICE & USCIS a joint Office of Reuniting Families and give it the power to carry out its mission and cut through time and bureaucracy, to act within 30 days upon the petition of any U.S. citizen to protect a relative: issue at least a permanent green card to protected spouses, and ancestors, siblings, descendants, nephews & nieces, and their spouses and eliminate all citizenship application waiting periods and any requirement to return to the home country for them, including any already deported but excluding those awaiting prosecution for or convicted of a felony or accepting deportation in lieu of prosecution for a felony unless the felony is an immigration law violation; suppport the Respect Families Resolution.

Support the "Stop Corporate Inversions Act of 2014" (H.R. 4679); use eminent domain to protect the tax base from "tax inversion mergers" where necessary to halt the practice; consider Senator Carl Levin's list of Corporate Loopholes that should be closed.

BIOGRAPHY

Harry S. Truman Club of San Joaquin

Restore Hetch Hetchy

Reexamine the wisdom in using nuclear reactor fuel rods with zirconium that generates hydrogen during cooling problems (think Hindenberg with radioactivity? in EVERY plant?)

Allow Tesla to sell cars wherever they wish

Establish federal standards for metal recycling, including full identification of scavengers and locations from which metals have been gathered, filed under penalties of perjury, backed up by audits

Repeal the 2005 gun manufacturer lawsuit shield act (The Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act (PLCAA) ); Remove the litigation protection enjoyed by the gun industry; Subject gun manufacturers to tort liability and CPSC jurisdiction

ban open primaries (or at least the "top two" provision of California's Prop. 14)

Place rescue air-boats with first responders in jurisdictions susceptible to inundation by flood.

Set aside any requirement that there be periodic recertification votes

Freedom of Association rights in elections (Freedom of Association is an "implied" right in the U.S. Constitution): require that all levels of elections allow candidates to identify their political party ban open primaries (or at least the "top two" provision of California's Prop. 14) ban term limits other than those set by the U.S. Constitution require that slate mailers fully disclose party affiliations Consider: all properties or communities with multiple individually addressed units within shall allow without charge political canvassing at the front doors of those individually addressed units. Nothing herein stated shall interfere with negotiation by parties concerned for reasonable limits on access, see outline.

Consider banning Corexit?

Generational Alliance

Consider: all properties or communities with multiple individually addressed units within shall allow without charge political canvassing at the front doors of those individually addressed units. Nothing herein stated shall interfere with negotiation by parties concerned for reasonable limits on access, see outline.

Require minimum 50% royalty on all Federal gas & oil leases, retroactively

Support net neutrality, oppose CISPA

Recognize in all jurisdictions the validity of same sex marriage, Amend: "Any marriage between two people in any jurisdiction is valid for all purposes in every jurisdiction."

Consider adding to all elections the option for a voter to make his/her vote a public vote rather than a secret vote to aid in testing and reducing vote-recording and counting fraud such as that as has been alleged in Ohio in 2004.

Support free Community College; support free State College tuition; Support Senator Sanders' College for All Act

Subsidize USA manufacturing sufficiently to bring parity with China or India manufacturing

Impose an annual tax on firearms, small for a single gun, escalating for quantity, see mjbarkl.com/repeal.htm

Habitat for Humanity

Planned Parenthood Action Fund, Inc.

Arrange for regular job fairs at King-Kennedy Center, West Modesto

Escalate the sweep of the oceans of Somali, Malay, & Filipino pirates

Consider variants of the Herman Cain and Buddy Roemer proposals to disallow corporate tax deductions for purchases from foreign countries.

Find out why people who work part time are not allowed SNAP/food stamps, if that is the case, and fix it.

PHOTO and PHOTO and PHOTO

Modesto Peace/Life Center

Encourage presidential candidates and Supreme Court Nominees to reveal their IQ, LSAT, SAT, etc. scores; move towards an understanding that climate-change deniers are unfit for public office.

American Civil Liberties Union

Increase the funding for studying near-earth objects.

Strengthen NPR, PBS & arts funding A friend posted a Noam Chomsky quote asserting that phrases like "support our troops" mean nothing. About that specific phrase, I disagree. Here is what it means to me:

Guarantee adequate medical treatment, general education, and vocational programs to persons in government custody, at all levels and stages of Federal, State, or Local incarceration; grant credits for time served for top grades in such study; abolish waiting lists for prisoner education: prisoner applies? increase the allocated resources to cover the request.

Progressive Change Campaign Committee

Resurrect the "Look for the Union Label" campaign as a Federal campaign; pair with an effective "Look for the Made in USA Label" campaign

Provide lifetime voting membership in the House of Representatives for all past Presidents

Prohibit gift card fees and expiration; ban rebate card expirations

Provide that the holding that a defendant received a fair trial is irrelevant if reasonable doubt can be shown that the defendant did not commit the crime.

Natural Resources Defense Council

If not yet done, rescind the dishonorable discharges given gay veterans, and replace with honorable discharges

Advocate approval of the Equal Rights Amendment, only this time with a 100-year time limit for adoption / Support 112th Congress H.J. Res 47

Is there anything in the UMBC model that can be pushed down into lower grades?

Support Hillary Clinton's Count Every Vote Act of 2005 S. 450

Adopt or strengthen "card check"/"majority sign-up" / adopt the Employee Free Choice Act (2009 H.R. 1409/S.560 )

Add insourcing requirements wherever possible to federal, state & local contracts, including for clerical and customer support functions; Support Rep. Nick Rahall's ‘Invest in American Jobs Act of 2011, H.R. 3533; Support the Bring Jobs Home Act (S. 337 2013-14 Senator Debbie Stabenow)

Provide for environmental regulation of natural gas well fracturing; support passage of the FRAC Act; repeal the Halliburton rule or exemption

Occasional member Rainbow Push Coalition

Consider supporting H.R.20 - Government By the People Act of 2014, Sarbanse D-MD

Another Time Magazine Infrastructure Issue 04/10/2017: Construct a multi-track grade-separated freight rail beltway around Chicago Construct a multi-track grade-separated freight and passenger rail beltway around New York City Fund the Chicago Belt CREATE projects Install manual backups to the electrical smart grid Upgrade the locks on the Mississippi River system Install broadband for all Install a one-stop permitting process for major and multi-state projects and add Federal funding agencies

Provide that a Bill to modify any Treaty may be initiated in the same manner as a Revenue Bill.

Except for offering water, food, clothing, shelter, or medical care, require that Border Patrol or ICE does not talk with a family member related to or anyone suspected of being an undocumented alien without first there being a qualified attorney appointed for that person and that attorney being present.

Provide that every polling place that accumulates a waiting line of more than one hour on election day shall be open for voting the next day regardless of the day of the week that would be.

Add to whatever is chosen coverage for dental, vision, hearing, bathroom DME and workers' compensation injuries.

Consider the 09/2015 $10 billion "Hillary Clinton Drug Epidemic Plan," [sorry, busted link]

Support The Brown-Sessions- Schumer-Graham-Burr-Stabenow-Collins-Casey Currency Exchange Rate Oversight Reform Act of 2013 & 2010 (S. 1114 - 113th Congress/ S. 1619 - 112th ) - reconcile this with the warnings in Rana Foroohar's 10/24/2011 column in Time; Consider the Currency Reform for Fair Trade Act, H.R. 1276, 2013-14 Sander Levin, and other years.

Adopt right to collective bargaining

Support Senator Ben Cardin's Democracy Restoration Act (S. 2017 2011-2012), restore the right to vote for felons who have completed their debt to society

World Wildlife Fund

Adopt the Iceland "Equal Pay Standard" that makes "employers prove they offer equal pay regardless of gender, ethnicity, sexuality or nationality."

Pass the Dream Act; initiate a "Private Bill Project" to accomplish the goals of the Dream Act until such time as the Dream Act is adopted.

Detail: RESTORE MANUFACTURING IN THE U.S. [see also Tax below]: Pursue legislation to grant otherwise qualified bidders using a higher overall percentage of domestic labor, parts and materials the right to "bump" low bidders with a lower percentage in all Federal, State, and Local contracts, including "no-bid" contracts. Add insourcing requirements wherever possible to federal, state & local contracts, including for clerical and customer support functions; Support Rep. Nick Rahall's ‘Invest in American Jobs Act of 2011, H.R. 3533; Support the Bring Jobs Home Act (S. 337 2013-14 Senator Debbie Stabenow) Reexamine NAFTA and the other free trade agreements that have shipped millions of jobs out of this country; reexamine other international job thieves such as Globalization, Outsourcing, Deregulation, Foreign currency manipulation, Foreign below cost selling, Foreign labor compensation and public protection differences, Adverse tariff imbalances, GATT & WTO concessions, Most-favored nation concessions, and so on and bring every one of these jobs back home; Consider supporting The Trade, Reform, Accountability, Development and Employment (TRADE) Act of 2009?, 110th & 111th Congress, H.R. 3012 Oppose the Trans Pacific Partnership until it is proven that it produces no net loss of equivalent jobs; especially oppose the Fast Track aka Trade Promotion Authority. Support The Brown-Sessions- Schumer-Graham-Burr-Stabenow-Collins-Casey Currency Exchange Rate Oversight Reform Act of 2013 & 2010 (S. 1114 - 113th Congress/ S. 1619 - 112th ) - reconcile this with the warnings in Rana Foroohar's 10/24/2011 column in Time; Consider the Currency Reform for Fair Trade Act, H.R. 1276, 2013-14 Sander Levin, and other years. Subsidize USA manufacturing sufficiently to bring parity with China or India manufacturing Identify strategic industries essential to the function of and defense of our society (metals, machine tools, power grid components, etc.) and for those that we have lost to outsourcing, fund their return. Consider a Wilbur Ross value added tax with export rebates Subsidize small-business lending (more than just the SBA) Consider eliminating corporate income taxes for manufacturing plants in certain economically depressed zip codes. Stop deporting foreign-born engineers after they graduate Fund or share in the environmental cleanup costs of domestic rare-earth mining; heed the warnings of Stephen Leeb, http://ideas.time.com/2011/12/04/the-real-china-threat/ Support environmentally-friendly domestic aquaculture Extend hardwood flooring tariffs to laminate flooring and lumber in general, raise those tariffs to competitive levels (In 2016 the Modesto Bee made fun of this platform plank, which of course means only that they didn't understand it and didn't care enough to ask. A few years ago a tariff came through on some imports of hardwood products and not others including hardwood flooring, so I added this as a reminder to ask "why?" if an opportunity arose to do so.) Set minimum standards nationwide for workers' compensation; ban imports of manufactured goods from countries that do not meet those standards; consider the same for workplace safety and environmental protection Extend human environment protections to foreign installations and subsidiaries of domestic businesses. Consider variants of the Herman Cain and Buddy Roemer proposals to disallow corporate tax deductions for purchases from foreign countries. Ascertain whether or not the IRS or any other Federal agency has outsourced any call center activity and if it has, put a stop to it Impose a per-call "equalization" tax on every phone call shunted to an out-of-the-country phone support center; support The United States Call Center Worker and Consumer Protection Act, H.R. 2909 113th Congrss Allow Tesla to sell cars wherever they wish Adopt LABOR UNION BILL OF RIGHTS for all unions, including government employee unions, nationwide: Adopt right to collective bargaining Adopt right to strike, picket & boycott, for any reason or location / Allow and protect secondary boycotts, secondary strikes, general srikes, and sit-down strikes Adopt or strengthen "card check"/"majority sign-up" / adopt the Employee Free Choice Act (2009 H.R. 1409/S.560 ) Consider allowing and protecting minority unions Provide that union certification votes shall succeed by a majority of those workers voting, not by a majority of workers eligible to vote Set aside any requirement that there be periodic recertification votes Abolish "right to work" / replace Taft-Hartley §14(b) [ 29 USC §164(b) ] with a specific pre-emption of state laws on right-to-work and a specific ban on right to work laws / repeal any other union-busting portions of Taft-Hartley Require Project Labor Agreements where possible for all federal, state, and local contracts. Allow SNAP/food stamps for striking workers and their families Provide that any political campaign rights or privileges allowed corporations shall also be allowed unions ; prohibit the "paycheck protection" scheme Extend full collective bargaining rights to temporary workers. Extend full union protection to unions of independent truck drivers Ban the practice of hiring permanent replacement workers to replace striking workers. Allow common situs picketing More Labor: Adopt the Iceland "Equal Pay Standard" that makes "employers prove they offer equal pay regardless of gender, ethnicity, sexuality or nationality." Re-examine the Wagner Act ( The National Labor Relations Act of 1935 (49 Stat. 449) 29 U.S.C. § 151-169 ) Figure out how to set aside Pattern Makers League of North America v. NLRB, 1985 and then do so. Adopt the Employment Non-Discrimination Act of 2013 (ENDA), S. 815 , and other years; support full federal recognition of gay rights. Support the Paycheck Fairness Act, S. 84 Mikulski 2013-14 Consider adopting the German system of labor bargaining rights Support the PRO Act. Support Bernie's "Workplace Democracy Act" Resurrect the "Look for the Union Label" campaign as a Federal campaign; pair with an effective "Look for the Made in USA Label" campaign Require on-line vendors to show prominently a "made in . . . " on every web page for every product offered. Investigate increasing assertions of progressively inhumane working conditions at the U.S. Postal Service and impose a cure; oppose efforts to privatize the Postal Service or impair postal workers' benefits; repeal The Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act of 2006 (HR 6407) or support HR 1351 (United States Postal Service Pension Obligation Recalculation and Restoration Act of 2011); oppose HR 2309 (Issa-Ross Postal Reform Act); Support HR 630/SB316 Postal Service Protection Act of 2013, DeFazio / oppose S.1486 Postal Reform Act of 2014, Carper, D Examine instances where unions have cancelled retiree health insurance and restore such benefits where appropriate. Support the Bankruptcy Fairness and Employee Benefits Protection Act of 2014, S 2418, Rockefeller, D-WV Cover medical interns and residents under the Fair Labor Standards Act and end the barbaric exploitive sleep deprivation rite of passage Remove the medical residency roadblocks that act as a quota limiting the number of practicing physicians . Require minimum wages for food servers, home health workers, prisoners, and jurors the same as for all others; set part time wage levels 10% above that to discourage Afforable Care Act avoidance; Support the Fair Minimum Wage Act but make it $15 an hour, not $10.10. Oppose HR 1406, 2013-14 which allows employers to avoid paying overtime Provide for compensation without eligibility penalty of college athletes who produce college gross revenue Require fair pay for professional sports cheerleaders Consider re-regulating air, trucking, rail, energy. . .; Repeal the union busting portions of the Motor Carrier Act of 1980, the Airline Deregulation Act of 1978, the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976, the Staggers Rail Act of 1980, etc. Develop air quality standards for small independent truckers that will allow them to remain in business, and preempt such standards for them nationwide, including at the nation's ports ; require foreign truckers to meet the same standards that domestic truckers have to meet; require clean indoor restrooms with running water for all port drivers and at all truck brake check areas and all regulatory scale facilities; explore other methods to assist small independent truckers Sift through and adopt where appropriate the various initiatives of Senator Tom Coburn, such as consolidating the numerous redundant Federal Job Training Programs weeding out what doesn't work and strengthening what does Consider H.R. 1000 The Humphrey-Hawkins 21st Century Full Employment and Training Act, 2015-16, Conyers Provide that no charter school shall open unless the faculty and staff shall have full participation in the union contracts, membership, seniority, salaries, and benefits of the School District in which it is placed, or if there is no school district, of the proximate district largest in numbers of students. Ban school vouchers Oppose the union busting aspects of Common Core and Race to the Top Reopen all the black lung cases on which Dr. Paul Wheeler of Johns Hopkins had any input. Figure out what to do about the "temporary help" scam whereby companies, especially large companies, use a revolving door of teams of low-paid workers from temporary help agencies to avoid paying fair wages or benefits. Re-examine the H-1B visa program to make sure that every such visa is issued for a job skill not available in the USA and that issuing such visas does not depress USA wages Close loopholes excluding public employees from paid family leave provisions. & Social Security (see also BUDGET), If imposing the Social Security Government Pension Offset and Windfall Elimination Provision would put the recipient below the poverty line then it shall not be applied. Retroactively. For that matter, eliminate the Social Security Government Pension Offset and Windfall Elimination Provision as unfairly cheating workers of their earnings. Increase the amount retirees can earn without adversely impacting their Social Security Avoid raising the Social Security retirement age; restore it to 65; Reverse the Immigrant Social Security Confiscation Amendment. Adopt the Multiple Sclerosis Anti-Discrimination Social Security Act; improve Federal response and nurturing, including disability assistance programs, for wasting diseases such as Huntington's, ALS, MS, Systemic Scleroderma, and so on Support HR 3118/S.567, Linda Sanchez/Tom Harkin Strengthening the Social Security Act of 2013; add reverse means testing to SSI and Social Security to lift recipients out of poverty Support, S.2305 - Social Security and Marriage Equality Act, 2013-14, Murray D-WA , HR 1984, the Fair Adjustments and Income Revenues (FAIR) for Social Security Act (set aside wages cap) DeFazio D-OR , HR 1983, the Social Security Protection and Truth in Budgeting Act (no diverting trust funds) DeFazio D-OR, S. 2455 Retirement and Income Security Enhancements (RAISE) Act, 2013-14, Begich D-AK Support Improving Access to Social Security Services Act S.2742 2014, Schumer, D-NY Infrastructure: Fund serious infrastructure maintenance and upgrades: highways & bridges, rail, waterways & ports, air, communications, power, electrical transmission, fuel, nuclear power plant seismic retrofits, sewage treatment plants and drinking water systems, move utilities underground, etc. ; fund the list at mjbarkl.com/infrastr.jpg : Another Time Magazine Infrastructure Issue 04/10/2017: Construct a multi-track grade-separated freight rail beltway around Chicago Construct a multi-track grade-separated freight and passenger rail beltway around New York City Fund the Chicago Belt CREATE projects Install manual backups to the electrical smart grid Upgrade the locks on the Mississippi River system Install broadband for all Install a one-stop permitting process for major and multi-state projects and add Federal funding agencies Underground the Puerto Rico & U.S. Virgin Islands electric power grid; for that matter do the same for mainland hurricane belt and tornado belt communities. Eliminate the Puerto Rico prohibition on bringing in automobiles not first sold in Puerto Rico and establish an auto ferry between Miami and San Juan. Finish the San Juan rapid transit system Establish an infrastructure bank, ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Infrastructure_Reinvestment_Bank ) Support the Partnership to Build America Act of 2013, HR 2084, Delaney D-MD Support the Durbin Privatization limitation bill Extend unemployment benefits for the 99-ers if still relevant; impose means-testing for unemployment benefits / extablish a substantial tax credit for hiring ex convicts and those who have exhausted their unemployment benefits Support lump-sum relocation subsidies for the unemployed Support Senator Warren, et al. S. 1837 (113th): Equal Employment for All Act of 2013 to prevent employers from looking at credit reports when hiring, and especially from considering foreclosures, Provide that where any agency of Federal, State, or Local government has laid off any employee, that employee shall be granted right of first refusal for any open position with the agency for which that employee may be trained at any time within the next 10 years which right shall continue until that employee is actually rehired, with the longest laid off having the highest priority. Extend the 72-hour no-hire after layoffs to 30 days Solve the racial bias in government layoffs and retroactively compensate for it Extend the New York Domestic Workers protections nationwide Arrange for regular job fairs at King-Kennedy Center, West Modesto Voter rights: Provide that the sole criteria for voter registration and regulation of persons registering voters in the U.S. shall be by regulations set by the Federal Elections Commission Extend the Voting Rights Act Section 5 pre-approval process to all electing jurisdictions; add the 2012 disenfranchise states to Section 5 of the voting rights act Outlaw the imposition of any requirement for registering to vote other than the unsupported declaration under penalty of perjury that the person registering is eligible to vote / ban the increasing state-level insistance on government-issued photo-IDs for voting, limits on student voting, and limits on same-day registration / adopt registration-friendly rules for voter registration drives Define as a "poll tax" any photo-ID requirement for voting, any candidate filing fee, any candidate party endorsement application fee Provide for "early voting" in all jurisdictions Provide that every polling place that accumulates a waiting line of more than one hour on election day shall be open for voting the next day regardless of the day of the week that would be. Support Hillary Clinton's Count Every Vote Act of 2005 S. 450 Consider adding to all elections the option for a voter to make his/her vote a public vote rather than a secret vote to aid in testing and reducing vote-recording and counting fraud such as that as has been alleged in Ohio in 2004. Provide that any multi-jurisdictional campaign to interfere with the electoral franchise shall be prosecutable under RICO and related statutes, including those efforts using a sham excuse of preventing voter fraud Support HR 5799 - Voter Empowerment Act of 2012, by Rep. John Lewis of Georgia to reverse ALEC Jim Crow laws, H.R. 12 2013-14 Support Attorney General Holder's proposal for automatic voter registration of all citizens; make voting a right to be taken away, not a privilege to be requested; support national, electronic, automatic voter registration. Consider Norm Ornstein's voter lottery as an incentive to vote Change the FCC candidate preference rules to exclude negative ads from preferred rates. Consider supporting H.R.20 - Government By the People Act of 2014, Sarbanse D-MD Exclude campaign contributions received, from Section 8 and other safety net calculations. Adopt: 1) The Legislature finds that the practice of political parties charging candidates a fee to be considered for endorsement is inherently corrupt and deceptive and therefore adopts: 2) It shall be unlawful for any government agency to include any candidate endorsement in any government-funded voter pamphlet where the candidate was charged a fee for consideration of that endorsement. Robocalls or robodialers must identify themselves as such. Freedom of Association rights in elections (Freedom of Association is an "implied" right in the U.S. Constitution): require that all levels of elections allow candidates to identify their political party ban open primaries (or at least the "top two" provision of California's Prop. 14) ban term limits other than those set by the U.S. Constitution require that slate mailers fully disclose party affiliations Consider: all properties or communities with multiple individually addressed units within shall allow without charge political canvassing at the front doors of those individually addressed units. Nothing herein stated shall interfere with negotiation by parties concerned for reasonable limits on access, see outline. Enhance and extend to the states the Federal Open Meeting Laws, including for "Associations" that are constituted predominantly of legislators from other agencies or their staffs Immigration : Pass the Dream Act; initiate a "Private Bill Project" to accomplish the goals of the Dream Act until such time as the Dream Act is adopted. Establish within ICE & USCIS a joint Office of Reuniting Families and give it the power to carry out its mission and cut through time and bureaucracy, to act within 30 days upon the petition of any U.S. citizen to protect a relative: issue at least a permanent green card to protected spouses, and ancestors, siblings, descendants, nephews & nieces, and their spouses and eliminate all citizenship application waiting periods and any requirement to return to the home country for them, including any already deported but excluding those awaiting prosecution for or convicted of a felony or accepting deportation in lieu of prosecution for a felony unless the felony is an immigration law violation; suppport the Respect Families Resolution. Except for offering water, food, clothing, shelter, or medical care, require that Border Patrol or ICE does not talk with a family member related to or anyone suspected of being an undocumented alien without first there being a qualified attorney appointed for that person and that attorney being present. Require that persons facing deportation be furnished counsel: Adopt "Deportation is a criminal penalty," to ensure full rights in prosecution; expand H.R.4936 - Vulnerable Immigrant Voice Act 2013-14 Jeffires, D-NY to cover all immigrants under threat of deportation Consider shortening statutes of limitation for wrongful immigration to 5 years including for re-immigration after deportation except for persons deported who have been convicted of a felony or who accepted deportation in lieu of prosecution for a felony; provide that such limitation shall apply regardless of whether or not it is asserted End the 3 & 10-year ban on reentry Support Bernie Sanders' [was] A Fair and Humane Immigration Policy Challenge the racist portions of the Safe Communities Act/Keep Our Communities Safe Act; Adopt A federal level anti-profiling act Fund relief for the Mexican border deportee refugee camps. Recognize and respect the differences between immigrants and refugees. More Education Adopt the BUDGET (below) and restore school funding in every state Support free Community College; support free State College tuition; Support Senator Sanders' College for All Act Support President Obama's preschool for all proposal, or at least fund pre-K education for at-risk kids; fund after-school and gang avoidance programs for at-risk kids; if not already, require that compensation packages for Head Start and other pre-K faculty and staff match K-12 levels; Expand affordable child care and after school programs with tax credits; Support The Strong Start for America's Children Act of 2013 (H.R. 3461), Miller D-CA Allow campaign funds to be used for child care. Consider funding and expanding the Khan Academy concept Require and fund restoration of wood and metal shop classes and life skills class components such as personal budgeting at all high schools; do the same for physical education, music, and art; establish or strengthen computer and engineering labs in high schools. Rebalance the systems of educational scoring or bumping to get 99-week or longer unemployed persons into the classes they need Is there anything in the UMBC model that can be pushed down into lower grades? Outlaw the teaching of "creationism" in any school that receives funds from any government or hosts students in lieu of public schooling Health (See also BUDGET, below) : Basically I'm seeing 4 kinds of health care improvement plans: 1) Enhanced & improved Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) 2) Actual Medicare for All (lower the eligible age to zero, still requires supplemental insurance, and since Medicare is optional, it would be a "public option") 3) [Enhanced] Medicare for all (existing strengthened, to eliminate the need for supplemental insurance) 4) Single Payer (100% coverage, like Taiwan, often being mislabeled Medicare for All) I would vote for any and all of these. My Budget, below, pays for the first two - if the other two are adopted I can rework my Budget. Add to whatever is chosen coverage for dental, vision, hearing, bathroom DME and workers' compensation injuries. Restore Tricare cuts; Allow Medicare to negotiate price on drugs, medical devices, equipment, CT or MRI scans, etc. Strengthen the powers of the Treasury, FDA, and Medicare to hold hearings to identify price-gouging for a specific drug, identify a reasonable retail price for that drug, and then take through eminent domain the right to manufacture and sell that drug for the valuation based on that price. Require Medicare/MedicAid and all other insurers pay 100% of Continuous Glucose Monitoring (CGM) Devices for diabetics Adopt that any prohibitions against health care for undocumented immigrants shall not apply to immunizations, innoculations and vaccinations against disease; for that matter, set aside any such prohibitions as being racist. Consider scrapping the Medicare enrollment period - people need Medicare all year long, not just in a couple of autumn months. Until such time as we move towards single-payer, make it possible for people to make healthcare cost & benefit comparisons without submitting any personal information Consider requiring that any health insurer offering health insurance anywhere in the country must offer health insurance at the same rate under any ACA exchange everywhere in the country, with preemptions of state law to make it work. Reopen Patterson Hospital and other small rural hospitals throughout the country? Consider the Camden Coalition project; Adopt the 2001 McCain-Edwards-Kennedy Patients' Bill of Rights, S.1052 . Establish a Federal Insurance Authority to monitor and punish predatory insurance practices, including below cost marketing, merger & acquisition activity funded by aggressive claim denials especially in workers' compensation third party claims administration, and so on. Figure out how and then include insurance companies under anti-trust law. Extend Americans with Disabilities Act coverage to the entire Federal Government, excluding only combat, law enforcement, and Secret Service; expand OSHA to cover all government employees, excluding only combat, law enforcement, and Secret Service Support H.R.1286 Healthy Families Act 2013-14 DeLauro, D-CT (earn sick pay) Support The Family And Medical Insurance Leave Act (The FAMILY Act) March 2015, DeLauro D-CT/Gillibrand, D-NY H.R.3712 2013, S. 786 2015 Support the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act, S.942, 113th Congress, Senator Casey Require that GMO foods be labeled as such; support The Genetically Engineered Food Right-to-Know Act, Boxer, S.511 2015; Repeal the Monsanto Protection Act included in Spending Bill HR 933 that President Obama signed. Research & solve the bee death problem; support a moratorium on the sale, distribution and use of neonicotinoids Grant $15,000 payment in first trimester or $10,000 in second trimester for any pregnant woman of any age who decides not to have an abortion, which may be applied for in any appearance at a qualified abortion clinic, which clinic shall also receive a compensatory payment (sufficient to make the decision financially neutral for a typical clinic) if the other payment is accepted. Such payment shall be made even if the woman never had any intent of obtaining an abortion; scrap the Hyde Amendment and ensure Planned Parenthood is treated equally in all Government funding. Support the Women's Health Protection Act of 2013, S. 1696, Blumenthal Support the Access to Birth Control Act, H.R. 728, 2013-14, Maloney & Lautenberg Consider stripping pharmaceuticals and medical devices out of the 1980 Bayh-Dole Act. Devise and implement guidelines for nurse-practitioners to operate free clinics without physician supervision, especially in the aftermath of disasters Remove barriers to stem cell research Increase funding for AIDS, cancer, MS, ALS, and similar research, Enhance the Cancer Moonshot, a National Cancer Institute initiative launched by President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden. Increase funding of CDC and NIH pandemic research and prevention sufficiently to ensure adequate protection of this country & SNAP/Food Stamps - work to improve nutrition for the poor and to make sure funds allocated for that purpose are not diverted from that purpose: Investigate and halt any practice of denying SNAP/food stamps to recipients of SSI, SSDI, or state or any other sort of disability compensation Find out why people who work part time are not allowed SNAP/food stamps, if that is the case, and fix it. Reassess food stamp/SNAP coverage for the elderly who are caring for other family members to make sure the assistance is fair and adequate. Add fingerprint sensing technology to SNAP/food stamp system to stop the selling of the "stamps" to others? Or make them individually payable so that anyone else using them will be rejected? Explore ways to make the various types of "food stamps" usable only by the intended recipient. Transportation & Transportation Safety : Advocate restoring cuts to Essential Air Service, if any; carefully examine Mica's bill HR 658, 03/2011; consider using gas tax money to subsidize air service to smaller regional airports Require a national standard minimum commercial airline legroom. Require sensors for when there is an obstruction on a rail crossing after the arms come down, and thence an automatic full stop for the on-coming train. Require seatbelts on intercity buses and trains [2013, looks like Congress is doing this! Great.] Subsidize Greyhound (or Amtrak) bus service to small towns Require that adjacent public transit agencies (such as Stanislaus and San Joaquin) provide inter-agency transfer points with syncronized schedules Require collision avoidance and speed control systems on all motor vehicles by 2025 Urge GM to return to Manteca Require a beltway plan for all cities over 50,000 population Link I-205/I-580 to I-505 Upgrade SR-99 to Interstate highway status Energy (See also BUDGET, below) : Support the NRCS Environmental Quality Incentives Program Require energy independence Ban exporting raw fossil fuels and certain specified end products of their refinement, with no exemption for free trade zones. Subsidize the reestablishment of refineries in the U.S. Prove that ethanol produces a net gain in usable energy or phase out ethanol subsidies Phase in cap & trade, or better yet carbon fee and dividends Reexamine the wisdom in using nuclear reactor fuel rods with zirconium that generates hydrogen during cooling problems (think Hindenberg with radioactivity? in EVERY plant?) Explore feasibility of implementing TransAtomic's salt reactors. Support the New Apollo Initiative Consumer Financial Protection : Examine restoring the portion of the Glass-Steagall Act repealed by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act in 1999 and reversing the other relaxations of it - Support HR 1489 2011? but beware of LaRouchePAC participation - support Elizabeth Warren's 21st Century Glass Steagall Act, S. 1282, 2013-14 instead? Repeal the portion of the 2012 JOBS Act (HR 3606) that reduces financial protections for the public Restore the Wall Street speculation fee; include credit default swaps, derivatives, stock options and futures; Support the Ellison Inclusive Prosperity Act HR 1464, 2015-16, Tax Wall Street Bill HR 1579 2013, the Financial Transaction Tax Bill HR 6411 2011-12, etc. all forms of The Robin Hood Tax; examine FASB rules for credit default swaps, consult William K. Black Put ALL derivatives on an exchange with transaction taxes and transparency Prohibit naked short sales or purchases of any security or commodity. For financial firms in bankruptcy or receiving bailouts or being merged or sold or liquidated under government supervision, provide a 10-year claw-back of management salaries, bonuses, severance, settlements, or other fees, and consultant, legal, accounting, and rating-agency fees Fully fund SEC, CFTC, CFPB, etc. Strengthen Dodd-Frank; modify Dodd-Frank to treat mortgage brokers and banks equally rather than running those brokers who behaved properly out of business to punish those who did not behave properly Support Senator Warren's ( & Coburn's ?) Truth in Settlements Act of 2014 , S.1898 Support regulations to close Wall Street's 'Retirement Advice' loophole Slowly increase banking reserve requirements Strengthen the Stock Act Investigate and regulate Fair Isaacs (FICO) Bring foreclosures to a dead stop: Add full power to impose modification of mortgages on a primary residence to the bankruptcy court's jurisdiction ; support the 2009 Dick Durbin Amendment to allow use of Bankruptcy to protect consumers in foreclosure Require every forcloser that foreclosed on someone illegally to furnish all details of what they did and where they went wrong NOW without further delay. Support eminent domain buy back of underwater home loans Phase in allowing REO rentals; expand the FHFA "deed for lease" program and implement a lease-to-own program Allow, encourage, require all foreclosing lenders to negotiate a post-foreclosure continuing tenancy agreement for homeowners losing their homes to foreclosure. Allow, encourage, require foreclosing lenders to extend to persons losing their home in foreclosure first right of refusal on any subsequent sale of that home Develop and fund an FHA-like program for home purchases by persons who have suffered foreclosures or short sales because of failures to bargain in good faith by lenders such as Bank of America (Countrywide Financial) Exclude home mortgage foreclosures from FICO scores, credit reports, and mortgage aps Figure out how to require that persons refinancing a home be offered the same sort of advantageous interest rates as persons purchasing a home, and then implement it; require such refinancing be allowed even if "under water" or insufficient equity Ease home mortgage criteria at the bottom of cycles, tighten them at the top (instead of backwards like we are doing now which has seriously damaged the housing market). Make banks liable for the effects of "zombie mortgages". Get serious about curing homelessness. Adopt and fund the Salt Lake City and Houston solutions. Investigate whether or not USDA Rural Housing Centralized Servicing Center is properly handling requests for financial assistance on mortgages owed by persons in financial distress and fix the problem if there is one; investigate whether or not disabled persons are being denied rural housing Repair/Rehab funds routinely granted the elderly and fix the problem if there is one; Prohibit gift card fees and expiration; ban rebate card expirations Require that any agency using debit cards to pay benefits pay all debit card fees that would otherwise be imposed on the beneficiary; for any employer using payroll cards, require that the employee not be charged Prohibit expiration of pre-paid cell phone minutes Support net neutrality, oppose CISPA Reform Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act to make social media take responsibility. Student Loans, Consider : Forgive student debt for STEM graduates at the time they receive their diplomas; Support Steve Israel's Student Loan Employment Benefits Act of 2012 (HR 5129), the Student Loan Forgiveness Act of 2012, H.R. 4170; the Student Loan Fairness Act HR 1330, Karen Bass, 2013, H.R. 4582, Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act, Courtney D-CT 2013, 15, S.2432 - Bank on Students Emergency Loan Refinancing Act 2013-14 Warren D-MA Keep student loan interest rates low; Provide that no student loan shall bear an interest rate higher than the lowest rate charged banks by the Treasury or the Federal Reserve Ban the inclusion of student loans on credit reports until such time as they are subject to bankruptcy Support H.R.532 - Private Student Loan Bankruptcy Fairness Act of 2013, Cohen, Either the entity that holds the debt finds you a decent job, or else treat student debt like any other debt in bankruptcy Require deferral of student loans for military on active duty Require deferral of student loans for disabled people for the duration of the disability. Exempt Social Security from student loan garnishment. Tax : Repeal the Trump Tax Cuts Explore ways to encourage the repatriation of corporate funds stored offshore, including by an excise tax; consider an excise tax on funds or profits parked offshore; eliminate the tax deferral on offshore corporate profits; support the Stop Tax Haven Abuse Act of 2011, S. 1346./ support a "pure worldwide tax system", support the Wyden-Gregg tax reform bill.( The Bipartisan Tax Fairness and Simplification Act of 2010 (S. 3018) ) - oppose a "territorial tax system" Close the Google Bermuda loophole Consider strengthening FATCA, the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act Support the "Stop Corporate Inversions Act of 2014" (H.R. 4679); use eminent domain to protect the tax base from "tax inversion mergers" where necessary to halt the practice; consider Senator Carl Levin's list of Corporate Loopholes that should be closed. Consider strengthening the tax on excess retained earnings as reflected in uninvested, undistributed cash or near-cash balances; exclude stock buy-backs from the list of qualified investments; consider excluding mergers & acquisitions from the list of qualified investments; inhibit the ability of corporations to purchase their own stock Consider stripping the tax deduction for interest on LBO's. Impose a graduated excise tax on corporate management compensation levels that exceeds a certain multiple of the lowest wage paid by that corporation, foreign or domestic Repeal the Bush tax cuts for the wealthy, at a lower level than the $400,000 proposed by President Obama Support HR 1124, the Fairness in Taxation Act of 2011, Schakowsky Consider a limit on income allowed capital gains rates, such as up to $1,000,000 per year Revoke the carried-interest loophole; support Congressman Levin's 2009 H.R. 1935 (re: ...treatment of partnership interests held by partners providing services.) Consider the Fareed Zakaria 9-18-27-18-9-50 tax plan Phase out percentage depletion allowances Require minimum 50% royalty on all Federal gas & oil leases, retroactively Require U.S. Government coal leases charge market rates. Ban income tax on mortgage forgiveness retroactive to 01/01/2008; make forgiveness of debt not taxable unless the incurring of the debt is deductable Restore income averaging for personal income taxes. Adopt the Taxpayer Funds Held in Trust Act Provide that 1) no agency within the United States collecting taxes that uses the U.S. Mails in any way for tax collection activity shall assess a penalty per year in excess of 10% of the underlying balance due if that balance is under $50,000, to which a reasonable rate of interest may be added on the underlying balance due. 2). No agency within the United States collecting fees, permits, or fines that uses the U.S. Mails in any way for collection activity shall assess combined penalty and collection charges and any other charges per year in excess of 10% of the underlying fee, permit, or fine balance due if that balance is under $50,000, to which a reasonable rate of interest may be added on the underlying balance due. Eliminate the wage ceiling on FICA withholding Consider a graduated excise tax on campaign contributions, see outline. Impose an annual tax on firearms, small for a single gun, escalating for quantity, see mjbarkl.com/repeal.htm Insist that the IRS interpret 501(c)(4) correctly. Kick pro football out of 501(c)(6) / add a tax surcharge for excess compensation Provide any state-sanctioned or state-operated lottery that in any way uses U.S. Mails or any method of interstate commerce in its operation shall return unclaimed winnings to the pool of funds available for winnings and not confiscate those funds for any other purpose. Require any government agent or agency running a public lottery provide that any player wishing to do so have their wagers personally registered using an appropriate government ID and thereafter be informed of their winnings with no submission of lottery ticket, etc., required. Adopt the ONLY BALANCED U.S. BUDGET which BALANCES this year and funds MEDICARE FOR EVERYONE War (See also BUDGET, above) : Restore the name of Department of Defense (the ultimate "spin") to "Department of War" / rename Department of Homeland Security to Department of Defense Discourage use of war as a political policy; reexamine the Kellogg-Briand Pact Fund clearing the VA disability claim and mental health backlogs; Fund VA efforts sufficiently to allow it to clear the backlog and to provide immediate positive response in possible suicide situations; upgrade positive suicide response time from 17 days to immediate; expand veterans' care to all veterans, not just those serving at certain times or in certain theaters. Designate the Fort Hood shooting as a terrorist act and thus "combat related" for the purposes of U.S. Military victim benefits. Adopt: Veterans and their dependants shall receive health care treatment upon showing up at a VA facility and completing a declaration of qualification. Only then shall the VA commence its process to determine eligibility but while that review continues, no veteran or their dependant shall be denied health care and if the review is ultimately adverse to the veteran, the veteran shall not be charged for the care during the review; accept veterans' claims subject to audit, like the IRS does with tax returns claiming refunds Add such firefighters and firefighter union health plans as wish it to the Veterans' Administration Health Administration, adding a research unit on firefighter cancers and other health problems. Relax the VA's stinginess on meds. Make the recognition of women in combat retroactive for pay, benefits, & recognition. Support H.R.4628 - MOM Act, 2013-14, Duckworth, D-IL Support H.R.2377 , ENLIST Act 2013-14, Denham R-CA Allow Sikhs to enlist without requiring loss of turbans or facial hair If not yet done, rescind the dishonorable discharges given gay veterans, and replace with honorable discharges Support the Sexual Assault Training Oversight and Prevention Act or STOP Act, H.R. 1503, 2013-14 Jackie Speier; support the Gillibrand Military Justice Improvement Act of 2013, S. 967 or S. 1752? (handling sexual assault) Require judicial review of drone strikes that target U.S. Citizens; halt the use of drone strikes within countries with which we are not at war or for which we don't have that country's permission Remove the FOIA exception that allows the memo justifying the drone killing of U.S. Citizens to remain withheld Require for buyers and users of civilian drones that an FAA license be procured conditioned on successful passing of a training course that includes instruction on what locations and practices are off-limits. Examine the ramifications of using depleted uranium and white phosphorus shells and support appropriate abatement legislation. Support Senator Feinstein's NDAA modification bill? Support Barbara Lee's H.R. 198 to repeal the Authorization to use Military Force, 2013-14; Support Barbara Lee's AUMF repeal, War Authorization Review and Determination Act or WARD Act. H.R.4608, 2014 Escalate the sweep of the oceans of Somali, Malay, & Filipino pirates Solve the Skynet/singularity risk. Guns : See Constitutional below #BlackLivesMatter Repeal the 2005 gun manufacturer lawsuit shield act (The Protection of Lawful Commerce in Arms Act (PLCAA) ); Remove the litigation protection enjoyed by the gun industry; Subject gun manufacturers to tort liability and CPSC jurisdiction Set aside the prohibition against the CDC researching gun violence, and fund the research. Ban lead bullets; educate the public on the risks of using steel bullets in dry grass. Water : Recover for the people of California the value of the $1,000,000,000 of water taken illegally from Stony Creek by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation and its clients / set aside the Angle Decree / restore the environmentally damaged and economically depressed upper Stony Creek Watershed / prove the safety of Black Butte Dam abutments; adopt The Angle Act Restore the water rights of the community of La Grange, California Augment the summertime flow in upper Stony Creek tributaries with diversions from upper Eel River tributaries for the purpose of reestablishing Stony Creek salmon runs and improving Eel salmon runs./ construct refrigerated salmon bypass channels in the valleys parallel to Black Butte and Stony Gorge Restore salmon runs on all streams where they once were, nationwide CVP 3 : Strengthen California flood protections sufficiently to withstand a repeat of the floods of 1861-1862 and solve the Delta and supply problems : suspend Section 8 of the Reclamation Act of 1902 and its progeny and preempt conveyance capacity for this project / fund and develop the Westside Conveyance System and reservoirs, Westside Canals and Rio Vista Siphons to Bethany Reservoir, enlarge Shasta, line the Glenn-Colusa Canal / enlarge and extend the Folsom South Canal beyond Stockton to Bethany Reservoir picking up flood flows of Dry Creek, Cosumnes, Mokelumne, and Calaveras Rivers along the way / develop the Orestimba and Los Banos Grandes Reservoirs and enlarge Friant or build Temperance Flat / devise and implement ways to cut reservoir evaporation / plan the logistics to sell California water to Southern Nevada and Arizona to help fund all this - see project outline Place rescue air-boats with first responders in jurisdictions susceptible to inundation by flood. Require USA to pay its fair share of levee district costs Attend to the long term water and flood control needs of San Joaquin and Stanislaus Counties ahead of any export users Restore Hetch Hetchy Restore the Owens River Valley Strengthen subsidies for clean water systems and clean wastewater systems for small rural communities throughout the country; guarantee every American clean water and adequate sanitation Law & Justice : Establish a Federal "chicken" court; whenever anyone feels the application of a rule by an agency is "chicken" they file a complaint with the chicken court - the judge and stenographer show up at the complainant's location, record what the complainant has to say, gives the agency 5 days to defend, considers for another 5 days, and then issues a non-appealable ruling allowing or disallowing the application, the loser to pay the court $100 / Design some sort of Federal Small Claims Court where the targeted public, especially farmers, can protest arbitrarily applied and pointless regulations, and get the application of them suspended or redressed. Set aside the entirety of Section 8 Housing written agreements and replace them with a single phrase notice: "We reserve the right to halt payment for any reason." Examine Section 8 for a relationship to mobile home, travel trailer, and motor home owners, to ensure that poor and destitute who happen to own and live in one can still get the rental help they need for the ground lease payments, including waiver for physical condition of the residence. Bring back ACORN. Increase AmeriCorps funding Explore ways to bring justice to the matter of Tim DeChristopher, Bidder70; Seek pardon, apology & reparations. Explore ways to bring justice to cases such as Matthew Otto's, in Montana Consider hearings on the motives and methods behind the arrest & incarceration of Barrett Brown. Support Zoe Lofgren's "Aaron's Law", HR 2454, 2013-14 Establish a lobby desk and department in every United States Court to assist pro per litigants and make and coordinate requests for pro bono assistance with the local bar Restore funding to the Legal Services Corporation / enhance funding of CRLA Require the National Archives to return upon request case files to the courts from which they came Curtail the death penalty Require changing the practice of labeling cases "People vs." to "[Governmental Entity] vs." / rename all statutory crime or civil labels of "Obstructing Justice" to "Interference with Investigation" or whatever other label is appropriate / establish a rule that lying by any government person to a civil or criminal defendant, whether before or after commencement of prosecution or litigation, is a compensable denial of due process Adopt: at all levels of government strip searches are prohibited absent probable cause, Provide that the holding that a defendant received a fair trial is irrelevant if reasonable doubt can be shown that the defendant did not commit the crime. Ensure and protect, retroactively, the Freedom of Speech/Freedom of Press/Freedom of Petition rights of citizens to film with audio actions of law enforcement on duty or in public Regulate the street drug "Bath Salts" (methylenedioxypyrovalerone / MDPV / mephedrone ) Support McNerney's (METH Act) H.R.752 - Methamphetamine Education, Treatment, and Hope Act of 2013 Legalize marijuana for adults, especially in order to reduce the drug wars in Mexico; include adequate protections for young people; or at least legalize medical marijuana at the Federal level; legalize industrial hemp - fund research on the possibilities of Industrial hemp; remove the restrictions on marijuana research. Consider the 09/2015 $10 billion "Hillary Clinton Drug Epidemic Plan," [sorry, busted link] Support the S.1410 - Smarter Sentencing Act of 2014, Durbin-IL Revise Federal & State asset forfeiture to eliminate miscarriage of justice; outlaw "national security letters, no knock searches, broad general warrants, preconviction forfeitures." Rewrite the Patriot Act to respect the Bill of Rights Label by statute the practices of "waterboarding", sleep deprivation and hypothermia as torture Prohibit rendition Consider the Lynne Stewart case and fix what went wrong; rewrite SAMS - Special Administrative Measures - to comport with the Bill of Rights Provide that Investigation, charging, and prosecution of peace officer-involved homicides shall be by State Prosecutors, not Local, but in the event that State Prosecutors are unable or unwilling to prosecute, it shall be by Federal Prosecutors who shall have all the rights and privileges of State and Local Prosecutors.and shall apply State Law in the exercise of those rights; consider supporting the Conyers and Johnson Police Accountability Bills; require the keeping of statistics on deaths at the hands of police in the USA, including who is armed or unarmed, who is facing or fleeing, the races of the victims, and such other data as might be indicative of a problem. Where pepper spray has been acquired in interstate commerce or in any way with Federal funds, make it a Federal felony to use pepper spray against an asthmatic or a pregnant woman. Where plastic ties have been acquired in interstate commerce or in any way with Federal funds, make it a Federal felony to use them in lieu of handcuffs in such away as causes any damage whatsoever to those upon whom they are used. Acknowledge that the use of Guantanamo Bay for a prison violates the lease and warrants its termination and turn over possession of the entire facility to the Government of Cuba by 2016 Fully fund the BATFE Examine and then Support the Sexual Assault Forensic Evidence Registry Act, SAFER Act of 2012, 2013, S. 3250 (Cornyn), HR. 1523?, S. 80; Ban charging victims for rape kit tests. If there is still a problem getting older fingerprint cards into the system, develop a fleet of mobile processing labs to visit underfunded jurisdictions and start processing those print cards. More prison issues: Support Senator Ben Cardin's Democracy Restoration Act (S. 2017 2011-2012), restore the right to vote for felons who have completed their debt to society Guarantee adequate medical treatment, general education, and vocational programs to persons in government custody, at all levels and stages of Federal, State, or Local incarceration; grant credits for time served for top grades in such study; abolish waiting lists for prisoner education: prisoner applies? increase the allocated resources to cover the request. Restore Pell Grants for prisoners; outlaw any ban on tuition aid for ex-cons; for that matter, outlaw any forms of discrimination against persons who have fully served their time and their parole or probation, including voter rights, employment, housing or food stamps. Halt & reverse prison privatization Cap prisoner phone call charges at levels comparable to those charged the general public. Solve the racial slant that places a disproportionate percentage of people of color in prisons. Consider adopting the Norwegian prison system. Government and Diplomacy : Reverse every Trump Executive Action Consider supporting S.29 - Respect for Marriage Act, 2015-16 , Feinstein D-CA Require human rights improvements by Israel in exchange for continuing the $3,000,000,000 in annual foreign aid; Conversely, no direct or indirect foreign aid or any other funding shall be paid to any government or organization that does not remove from its constitution, charter, bylaws or other governing documents any advocacy for the destruction of Israel or its people. Make all appropriate efforts to restore relations with Cuba Support Congresswoman Lee's "no More Ghost Money Act", H.R. 261 2015 (unsavory payments to foreign officials) Support S.624 Senator Paul Simon Water for the World Act, Durban, 2010 Rescue the Little Cinnamon House in the Virgin Islands Invite Puerto Rico & the U.S. Virgin Islands to become a state Invite the U.S. Pacific Territories to become, collectively, a state Upgrade the infrastructure and social support systems in Puerto Rico, U.S. Virgin Islands, & U.S. Pacific Territories to the level of the mainland where lacking. Recognize the unconstitutional exclusion of U.S. Territory residents from Federal Rights & Benefits and develop Amendments and Practies to remedy the exclusions. Offer substantial grants to encourage mergers and consolidations of municipalities and local districts Encourage presidential candidates and Supreme Court Nominees to reveal their IQ, LSAT, SAT, etc. scores; move towards an understanding that climate-change deniers are unfit for public office. Reduce the number of administration appointees requiring advice & consent of the Senate Change U.S. Government programming procurement to engage the vendors with the best programmers rather than those with the best lawyers. Require that every Congressional freshman who has not done so take an Economics 101 course, and keep taking it until achieving a passing grade Construct an adequate Congressional dormitory as part of the Capitol Complex Consider establishing a Congressional Constituent Services Office/Congressional Ombudsman to offload the bulk of constituent services requests from individual members of Congress and improve service delivery Fix whatever rule, regulation, statute, or chilling effect interferes with Congressional staffers answering questions about political plans of their Legislator Properly reimburse the revenue lost to and the expenses incurred by DC for hosting the Nation's Capital/Capitol Make DC transit open earlier for non-office workers to get to work in the morning. Adopt nationwide minimum standards for high-rise buildings: integrated firefighting apparatus, tougher standards on using trusses in floors and ceilings, hardened fire stair wells, fire stair wells sized proportionate to anticipated structure population, all fire stair wells descending all the way to the street level, at least two fire stair wells placed at the outside edge of the structure at opposite corners of the structure, independent emergency fire stair lighting, all these to reduce design deficiencies that multiplied the casualties from the attacks on the twin towers on 09/11/2001 More Environment & disaster preparedness : Support the Sanders & Boxer Climate Change Act of 2013, S332 Provide for environmental regulation of natural gas well fracturing; support passage of the FRAC Act; repeal the Halliburton rule or exemption Impose the ozone regulations rejected by the President Phase out the grandfather clause in the Clean Air Act Support the EPA's Renewable Fuel Standard (RFS) Update the Toxic Substances Control Act, eliminate the "grandfather" clauses. Strengthen protections against oil spills Halt off-shore drilling until blow-out preventers that actualy work can be designed, tested, and required / encourage Mr. Bromwich of MMS (or his successor) to be a bit more sensitive to the risk of not requiring blowout preventers that actually work Consider banning Corexit? Repeal the McCain/Flake Amendment to the DAA that allows sale of the Apache holy site at Oak Flat to foreign mining company Resolution Copper Mining LLC (joint venture of UK's Rio Tinto & Australia's BHP-Billiton) Exempt the recharging of passenger vehicles from any provision of law that might make it a criminal or citable offense. Fund a CCC-type program to thin out forests to reduce occurrences of fires like the Rim Fire in locations such as Mt. Rushmore, including culling trees killed by bark beetles. Provide for a refundable recycling fee of 1 cent per cigarette butt or cigar butt; cover with a can and bottle recycling program all states not covered by a can and bottle recycling program Establish federal standards for metal recycling, including full identification of scavengers and locations from which metals have been gathered, filed under penalties of perjury, backed up by audits Restore Gulf-state wetlands Strengthen Louisiana hurricane protections Upgrade the various relevant federal programs to strip out the red tape and increase to 100% the provision of financial assistance to construct EF5-resistant tornado shelters/safe rooms in counties or parishes that have ever suffered tornados F2 or higher Phase-in protections for mid-America against another New Madrid earthquake Begin sweeping the Pacific of floating plastic to the extent possible without further damaging marine life Devise & fund ways to clean up the man-made garbage on the ocean floor. Require sewage treatment plants for factory pig farms. Fund preservation and restoration of rain forests and coral reefs Halt the collapse of the oceans' diversity; oppose the Empty Oceans Act, Hastings R-WA, 12/2013, H.R. 1335 2015 Young-AK Increase the funding for studying near-earth objects. Strengthen NPR, PBS & arts funding A friend posted a Noam Chomsky quote asserting that phrases like "support our troops" mean nothing. About that specific phrase, I disagree. Here is what it means to me: Support our troops: Don't send them to war based on a lie. Define the objective and support their efforts to attain it. Do not take their sacrifices for granted. Do not waste their lives and limbs. Equip them sufficiently to withstand injury to all extents possible. Train them. See to their spiritual and physical needs. Furnish them the best educated and most skilled leadership. Care for and protect their families. When they return, care for their wounds and disabilities without stint, fund their pensions, honor their service, ensure that they prosper with education, housing, jobs, counseling, etc. Forever.

NAACP Chapter #1048 Modesto

AFL-CIO (an excellent questionnaire)

Prohibit expiration of pre-paid cell phone minutes

Install manual backups to the electrical smart grid

ProgressiveCongress.org/Congressional Progressive Caucus Center

Consider a Wilbur Ross value added tax with export rebates

Halt off-shore drilling until blow-out preventers that actualy work can be designed, tested, and required / encourage Mr. Bromwich of MMS (or his successor) to be a bit more sensitive to the risk of not requiring blowout preventers that actually work

Southern Poverty Law Center

Support Attorney General Holder's proposal for automatic voter registration of all citizens; make voting a right to be taken away, not a privilege to be requested; support national, electronic, automatic voter registration.

Consider eliminating corporate income taxes for manufacturing plants in certain economically depressed zip codes.

Extend full union protection to unions of independent truck drivers


=====LINK SOURCE: http://www.mjbarkl.com/repeal.htm=====

 <tag> h2


Repeal the Right to Keep and Bear Arms

 <tag> h3


Phase 1 - The Amendment Resolution

Phase 2 - The Legislation

 <tag> li


Anonymous or pseudonym (?) blogs: James R. Adair, or unknown, progressivetheology.org . . and ditto, progressivetheology.org . . and especially progressivetheology.org Boatskipper (Brian Skinner?), boatskipper.blogspot.com Marcus Burke, PhD ?, stoptheworldiwannagetoff.com . . another comment from Marcus, at opposingviews.com ddjango, correntewire.com Eponah, eporants.blogspot.com General (Anthony Lieuallen ?), general.arantius.com Gaius Sempronius Gracchus, ggracchus.blogspot.com Gulliver's Island's column, newsvine.com journeyman , dailykos.com, "The Second Amendment is a Dangerous Anachronism", superior rant, cites to the Federalist Papers Matt Kinsi (?), spiritualityandsunflowers.com, short, to the point. . . . PaxArcana, paxarcana.wordpress.com rollo (Andrew Rollason? or "The Horse", Australia), rollo75.blogspot.com, Horse280 . . and Horse581 . . and Horse864 sherkat, iranianredneck.wordpress.com , a bit profane Alex Velocity ?, apraxia.net Most topical blog comments have some responses in support ; some blog responses call for repeal when the lead article didn't mention it ; overall supporting responses number in the thousands, not an avalanche, but a start.

Say "No" to the 2nd Amendment, student group, group ID 31560556736 - open, no recent posters

Most dealers disappear

Straw purchases go away

Frank Greene, Knoxville News Sentinel, retired Air Force Colonel

Dan Shafer, danshafer.com, call for a meaningful debate on repeal

Gaius Sempronius Gracchus, ggracchus.blogspot.com

Remarks by Rep, Major R. Owens in support of House Resolutions to repeal the Second Amendment are linked below.

journeyman , dailykos.com, "The Second Amendment is a Dangerous Anachronism", superior rant, cites to the Federalist Papers

Norm Stamper, Former Seattle Police Chief: Repeal The 2nd Amendment (VIDEO), The Huffington Post, by John Stephens, 12/18/2012

Crimson Staff, The Harvard Crimson, 2002

Junaid M. Afeef, attorney; also, Research Associate, Institute for Social Policy & Understanding, this copy is on gunowners.org , article is widely reproduced on pro-gun sites; more authentic but with formatting problems, on altmuslim.com

Thefts from private collections shrink

Jon Erwin-Frank, garnetdonkey.com

William Martin, The Lost Constitution, review of a novel, "A potential 'massacre' has just been averted, and a self-righteous Congresswoman intends to use it as a springboard for legislation to repeal the Second Amendment"

Repeal the 2nd Amendment and replace it with reasonable Gun Laws!, group ID 124717887555341 - open, active

. . and Jesse Schmitt, Associated Content from Yahoo

The type of gun dealing that supported the Branch Davidians in Waco goes away.

Mike Barkley (that's me), msnbc newsvine

Repeal the Second Amendment, group ID 21929253206 - migrated

Citizens for the Repeal of the Second Amendment, group ID 105896052795515 - closed, no activity

Rodney Hoffman, cultivatingoutrage.blogspot.com

John Purcell, spaninquis.wordpress.com

Repeal 2nd Amendment

. . brookings.edu, Is the Right to Bear Arms an Anachronism? A Governance Studies Event, [a forum at Brookings]

. . and Horse581

Joe Lauria, huffingtonpost.com

Tom H. Hastings , hastingsnonviolence.blogspot.com

Repeal the 2nd Amendment. Guns DO kill people, group ID 2353216886 - open, no recent posters

Black market sources shrink

Blogs with named authors: Mike Barkley (that's me), msnbc newsvine Ron Bynum, examiner.com Douglas Anthony Cooper, huffingtonpost.com, a compelling argument for the Australian Model. Jon Erwin-Frank, garnetdonkey.com By Pablo Fanque, All This Is That National Affairs Editor, jackbrummet.blogspot.com Carol Forsloff, Associated Content from Yahoo . . and Jesse Schmitt, Associated Content from Yahoo Clifford Garstang, democracyinvirginia.blogspot.com, a discussion worth having. Tom H. Hastings , hastingsnonviolence.blogspot.com Rodney Hoffman, cultivatingoutrage.blogspot.com Craig Jones, empyrius.blogspot.com, sarcasm? yes. satire? don't think so. . .. . . two other postings by him, as Empyrius Nicholas Katers, suite101.com Greg Laden, his blog on scienceblogs.com, brief & to the point Joe Lauria, huffingtonpost.com Paul Levinson, blogcritics.org Rich Merritt, richmerritt.wordpress.com Dick Meyer, CBSNews.com Elie Mystal, abovethelaw.com John Purcell, spaninquis.wordpress.com Mike Sacks, F1@1F, f11f.wordpress.com Dan Shafer, danshafer.com, call for a meaningful debate on repeal Norm Stamper, Former Seattle Police Chief: Repeal The 2nd Amendment (VIDEO), The Huffington Post, by John Stephens, 12/18/2012 Paul Sterne, groundreport.com . . Repeal the Second Amendment, collection of articles on groundreport.com

Official Petition to Repeal the Second Amendment, group ID 2297523901 - open, no recent posters

Winnie Boal, The New York Times,

Nicholas Katers, suite101.com

Repeal The Second Amendment 371249309570118, active, restricted posting

Andrew Oldenquist, The Columbus Dispatch , via freerepublic.com

Tommy Denton, columnist, The Roanoke Times

Benjamin Wittes, Fellow and Research Director in Public Law, Governance Studies, [from] The New Republic, on the Brookings Institution site

Carlson Andrew (Author) , The Antiquated Right (Teaching Texts in Law and Politics) [Paperback], 2002, Amazon.com review: "This book argues for the repeal of the Second Amendment because this amendment no longer serves its original constitutional purpose, and it disrupts the contemporary gun debate."

. . two other postings by him, as Empyrius

Max Castro, The Miami Herald, via commondreams.org

Can't We All Agree by Now That It's a Stupid-Ass Amendment?, group ID 2641091512 - open, no recent posters

Chicago Tribune editorial , calling for repeal

Jared Loughner's favorite gun store learns to take a really good hard proprietary insurance-motivated look at its customers; his opportunities to make those purchases diminish and sellers who remain would be less inclined to make his day.

Craig Jones, empyrius.blogspot.com, sarcasm? yes. satire? don't think so. . ..

Gulliver's Island's column, newsvine.com

Access declines

Gun shows go away

Richard D. Gilman, The Boston Globe,

Alex Velocity ?, apraxia.net

Matt Kinsi (?), spiritualityandsunflowers.com, short, to the point. . . .

Repeal the Second Amendment, group ID 2324348833 - no longer found

Donald Greene, The New York Times, 1989 (earliest reference on this page)

Frank Thomas, Ohio.com, the official Web site of the Akron Beacon Journal,

. . Bob Greene.Chicago Tribune August 23, 1993

Owners become much more protective of their firearms

. . James Oliphant, The Swamp, on the Chicago Tribune editorial, reporting rather than advocating

Ivan T. Webber, The Des Moines Register , via druglibrary.org

Note 2, Constitutional Amendments, with link to: Some Proposed Amendments, including repeal of the Second Amendment offered in the 102nd Congress (1991-1992)

Mike Sacks, F1@1F, f11f.wordpress.com

George F. Will The Baltimore Sun and other papers, 2 pages, March 21, 1991

Facebook groups (if not logged into Facebook, click on "Wall" on each of these pages) - I built this list in Spring 2011; since then many have been effectively shut down by the gun trolls: Repeal the Second Amendment, group ID 21929253206 - migrated Official Petition to Repeal the Second Amendment, group ID 2297523901 - open, no recent posters Abolish the Second Amendment!, group ID 2302436663 - open, no recent posters Repeal the 2nd Amendment, Wall, group ID 2305194547 and Discussion Board - open, no recent posters Repeal the Second Amendment, group ID 2324348833 - no longer found Let's Repeal the Second Amendment, group ID 2337762260 - no longer found Repeal the 2nd Amendment. Guns DO kill people, group ID 2353216886 - open, no recent posters Repeal the Second Amendment, group ID 2354208327 - open, no recent posters Can't We All Agree by Now That It's a Stupid-Ass Amendment?, group ID 2641091512 - open, no recent posters Say "No" to the 2nd Amendment, student group, group ID 31560556736 - open, no recent posters Repeal the Second Amendment Now!, group ID 181463948392 - open, no recent posters Citizens for the Repeal of the Second Amendment, group ID 105896052795515 - closed, no activity REPEAL THE SECOND AMENDMENT, group ID 143046762420845 , with a portion of 02/2011 debate here - open, ACTIVE, restricted access, shows promise Repeal The Second Amendment 371249309570118, active, restricted posting Repeal the 2nd Amendment and replace it with reasonable Gun Laws!, group ID 124717887555341 - open, active

Boatskipper (Brian Skinner?), boatskipper.blogspot.com

ddjango, correntewire.com

rollo (Andrew Rollason? or "The Horse", Australia), rollo75.blogspot.com, Horse280

America, The National Catholic Review, February 25, 2013, The Editors, Repeal the Second Amendment

Don Kaul, The Houston Chronicle , reproduced at cornell.edu

Paul Levinson, blogcritics.org

Douglas Anthony Cooper, huffingtonpost.com, a compelling argument for the Australian Model.

Jim Chen, Dean and Professor of Law, Louis D. Brandeis School of Law, University of Louisville , "The Implied Repeal of the Second Amendment by the Fourteenth", last under "Selected works in progress", Power Point outline

Dylan Klebold & Eric Harris would have had a more difficult time assembling their Columbine arsenal, Seung-Hui Cho his purchases for Virginia Tech ,

General (Anthony Lieuallen ?), general.arantius.com

Dr. Ruth S. Hertzberg, Summit Daily News, Frisco, CO,

. . another comment from Marcus, at opposingviews.com

Donald Day, Ansonia, ctpost.com, Hearst, Bridgeport, CT

. . and 2007

Let's Repeal the Second Amendment, group ID 2337762260 - no longer found

Timothy McVeigh cannot arrange to rob Roger Moore or sell the stolen guns to finance his Oklahoma City bombing

Clifford Garstang, democracyinvirginia.blogspot.com, a discussion worth having.

. . Repeal the Second Amendment, collection of articles on groundreport.com

Marcus Burke, PhD ?, stoptheworldiwannagetoff.com

Inventory shrinks

Dick Meyer, CBSNews.com

Lou LaFlamme, The Providence Journal,

By Pablo Fanque, All This Is That National Affairs Editor, jackbrummet.blogspot.com

Bob Judson, The Herald-Tribune, short & sweet

Letters to the editor: Winnie Boal, The New York Times, Donald Day, Ansonia, ctpost.com, Hearst, Bridgeport, CT Richard D. Gilman, The Boston Globe, Donald Greene, The New York Times, 1989 (earliest reference on this page) Dr. Ruth S. Hertzberg, Summit Daily News, Frisco, CO, Bob Judson, The Herald-Tribune, short & sweet Lou LaFlamme, The Providence Journal, John J. Pino, Daily Local News, West Chester, PA, Frank Thomas, Ohio.com, the official Web site of the Akron Beacon Journal,

Repeal the 2nd Amendment, Wall, group ID 2305194547 and Discussion Board - open, no recent posters

William Safire, The New York Times, actually, try repealing the preamble and see what happens (in 2 pages)

Richard Cohen, columnist,The Washington Post, sort of a call for repeal

. . and ditto, progressivetheology.org

James R. Adair, or unknown, progressivetheology.org

H. Richard Uviller (Author), William G. Merkel (Author), The Militia and the Right to Arms, or, How the Second Amendment Fell Silent (Constitutional Conflicts) [Paperback], 2002, Amazon.com [Publishers Weekly] review: "...presents a powerful case for declaring the Second Amendment irrelevant to the issue of firearms in America...."

Repeal the Second Amendment, group ID 2354208327 - open, no recent posters

sherkat, iranianredneck.wordpress.com , a bit profane

Government's incentive to monitor is generated by revenue

Note 3, Constitutional Topic: Ratification Conventions

Note 1, [President not involved]

Robert Klose, Repeal 2nd Amendment, Special to the BDN (Bangor Daily News), Dec. 19, 2012

Greg Laden, his blog on scienceblogs.com, brief & to the point

. . Professor Barnett describes some of the attacks he received after the CNSnews article went viral

PaxArcana, paxarcana.wordpress.com

Elie Mystal, abovethelaw.com

. . and especially progressivetheology.org

Richard Labunski, The Second Constitutional Convention: How The American People Can Take Back Their Government 10/28/2000, review, "...also explains why a convention should repeal the Second Amendment...."

Carol Forsloff, Associated Content from Yahoo

Paul Sterne, groundreport.com

Rich Merritt, richmerritt.wordpress.com

Eponah, eporants.blogspot.com

Repeal the Second Amendment Now!, group ID 181463948392 - open, no recent posters

. . and Horse864

Twitter: Repeal 2nd Amendment

REPEAL THE SECOND AMENDMENT, group ID 143046762420845 , with a portion of 02/2011 debate here - open, ACTIVE, restricted access, shows promise

and so on. People retain a reasonable inventory but the profligacy disappears.

. . CNSnews.com article on the Event

Books: Carlson Andrew (Author) , The Antiquated Right (Teaching Texts in Law and Politics) [Paperback], 2002, Amazon.com review: "This book argues for the repeal of the Second Amendment because this amendment no longer serves its original constitutional purpose, and it disrupts the contemporary gun debate." Richard Labunski, The Second Constitutional Convention: How The American People Can Take Back Their Government 10/28/2000, review, "...also explains why a convention should repeal the Second Amendment...." William Martin, The Lost Constitution, review of a novel, "A potential 'massacre' has just been averted, and a self-righteous Congresswoman intends to use it as a springboard for legislation to repeal the Second Amendment" H. Richard Uviller (Author), William G. Merkel (Author), The Militia and the Right to Arms, or, How the Second Amendment Fell Silent (Constitutional Conflicts) [Paperback], 2002, Amazon.com [Publishers Weekly] review: "...presents a powerful case for declaring the Second Amendment irrelevant to the issue of firearms in America...."

Private sales go away

Walter Shapiro's excellent salon.com article on repealing the Second Amendment

John J. Pino, Daily Local News, West Chester, PA,

Abolish the Second Amendment!, group ID 2302436663 - open, no recent posters

Carolyn Lewis, Nieman Watchdog, Nieman Foundation for Journalism at Harvard University

Ron Bynum, examiner.com


=====LINK SOURCE: http://www.mjbarkl.com/floods.txt=====


=====LINK SOURCE: http://www.mjbarkl.com/angle.htm=====


=====LINK SOURCE: http://www.mjbarkl.com/trust.htm=====

 <tag> h2


Taxpayer Funds Held in Trust Act


=====LINK SOURCE: http://www.mjbarkl.com/stmt2016.pdf=====


=====LINK SOURCE: http://www.mjbarkl.com/stmt2014.pdf=====


=====LINK SOURCE: http://www.mjbarkl.com/cstates.pdf=====


=====LINK SOURCE: http://www.mjbarkl.com/bio.htm=====


Number of links (dup removed)9

All links:
{'http://www.mjbarkl.com/bio.htm', 'http://www.mjbarkl.com/stmt2014.pdf', 'http://www.mjbarkl.com/angle.htm', 'http://www.mjbarkl.com/trust.htm', 'http://www.mjbarkl.com/repeal.htm', 'http://www.mjbarkl.com/cstates.pdf', 'http://www.mjbarkl.com/stmt2016.pdf', 'http://www.mjbarkl.com/run.htm', 'http://www.mjbarkl.com/floods.txt'}