Candidate: KUMAR, RISHI
Result:

=====LINK SOURCE: https://rishikumar.com/=====

 <tag> h2


Rishi’s American dream - From graduate student to a run for U.S Congress.

U.S. Representative CA-18

On Your Ballot

Rishi Kumar for People, not Special Interests

Join the Grassroots Movement

 <tag> h3


Let us continue the fight

 <tag> strong


San Mateo County:

Santa Cruz County:

Santa Clara County:

 <tag> p


We set out to build a new future in the last 20 months. We conducted an unprecedented engagement with our neighbors, wrote many unique and bold policies to address the tough challenges of Silicon Valley and America. We brought forward bold and innovative ideas with a getting-things-done attitude. It is clear that our district residents want it better based on the support our movement has generated.

I hope I can count on your continued support. It would mean a lot to me. In gratitude, Rishi Kumar

I am ready and will always keep fighting the good fight. Together, we can.

Copyright 2021 PAID FOR BY KUMAR FOR CONGRESS 2022 COMMITTEE ID C00695866 | FEC ID 1356261 Kumar for Congress

 <tag> li




Chair the House Subcommittee on Health, currently the #1 recipient of Pharma money in the U.S. House of Representatives and has sponsored legislation to increase healthcare costs. What conflict of interest?

Volunteer

I fight for the people by addressing the tough challenges and delivering results. I reduced Saratoga burglaries by 41%.

Priorities

I will always reject PAC money as my run is for the people. In a crisis, I will take charge; we recently called 86,000 quarantined seniors. We helped thousands during the pandemic and recent California fires.

Out of touch with today's complex tech issues. Unaware of the people-data harvesting by Facebook. Worked 15 years on a pandemic plan, but failed to codify it. Oops, it failed. California uses inmates for fire fighting? Really?

Internship

Endorsements

In her 28th year in office - an old guard Washington insider. First elected to the U.S Congress in 1992 but only had 4 bills become law. Accomplishments?

At the debate, I discussed the pragmatic solutions and policy papers, the foundation of my congressional plan. I will get stuff done!

Santa Cruz County: Ben Lomond, Bonny Doon, Boulder Creek, Brookdale, Davenport, Felton, Lompico, Scotts Valley, Zayante

I bring a new vision needed in a post-COVID-19 world. I will expand our Silicon Valley economy, address America's healthcare and reduce our supply chain reliance on China, bring manufacturing back.

Voter Voice

The agenda stems from Washington partisan politics and lobbyists. Failed to challenge the sacred cows like she promised in 1988. But the endorsements look so good.

Donate

Rishi is running against Rep. Anna Eshoo who is the largest recipient of Pharma Money in Congress, chairs the House Health Subcommittee and has passed legislation that increases our healthcare cost - Mercury News, San Francisco Chronicle.

Could have taken some action with the California fires, with the pandemic, with Silicon Valley tech, with our housing and traffic challenges? But initiated so many policy bills! What? They never became a law? How strange!

Santa Clara County: Campbell, Cambrian Park, Fruitdale, Lexington Hills, Los Altos, Los Altos Hills, Los Gatos, Monto Sereno, Mountain View, Palo Alto, Parts of San Jose, Saratoga, Stanford

Articles

San Mateo County: Atherton, La Honda, Ladera, Loma Mar, Menlo Park, Pescadero, Portola Valley, Redwood City, Woodside

Join Us

I am an activist, engineer, high-tech executive, and Saratoga's councilmember re-elected with the highest votes in city history. I successfully pushed back 8 San Jose Water Company’s rate increases fighting for a million people.

Rishi understands Silicon Valley’s innovation agenda as a hi-tech executive and is not a Washington insider career politician entrenched with lobbyists.

Rishi's campaign is People-Powered; Rishi has pledged to not accept PAC or Special Interest Group campaign contributions.

MEET RISHI

I have visited neighbors in each of the 31 cities and census designated places that our congressional leader has never set foot into. I have written many policy papers, the foundation of my congressional plans. I will get stuff done!

Very dedicated to Big Pharma and stands by her lobbyist-driven values.

About Rishi

RISHI IN THE NEWS

I bring fiscally moderate, people-centric leadership; not Left or Right, but Forward.

Rishi has a proven political track record of people-centric values, addressing the top challenges fearlessly. Rishi was re-elected with the most votes in Saratoga’s history (2018).

PRESS KIT

VOLUNTEER & JOIN TEAM RISHI

During a pandemic, Rishi Kumar stopped the campaign and launched the Neighborhood Pandemic Preparedness Team. Hundreds of volunteers helped thousands of our neighbors.

At the debate, declared that her campaign money was used for stamps and signs. Hmm... She always gives it away to DCCC every year.

 <tag> span




Rishi has a proven political track record of people-centric values, addressing the top challenges fearlessly. Rishi was re-elected with the most votes in Saratoga’s history (2018).

California Congressional District 18

Office: 4950 Hamilton Avenue, San Jose CA 95130

Rishi understands Silicon Valley’s innovation agenda as a hi-tech executive and is not a Washington insider career politician entrenched with lobbyists.

Email: Campaign@Rishi2020.com

for U.S. Congress

ELECTION ON JUNE 7TH, 2022

Rishi's campaign is People-Powered; Rishi has pledged to not accept PAC or Special Interest Group campaign contributions.

Rishi is running against Rep. Anna Eshoo who is the largest recipient of Pharma Money in Congress, chairs the House Health Subcommittee and has passed legislation that increases our healthcare cost - Mercury News, San Francisco Chronicle.

Rishi Kumar for People,

not Special Interests

During a pandemic, Rishi Kumar stopped the campaign and launched the Neighborhood Pandemic Preparedness Team. Hundreds of volunteers helped thousands of our neighbors.

Congressional District 18


Number of links (dup removed)1

All links:
{'https://rishikumar.com/'}