Candidate: GALVIN, ALYSE

Links: 
{'https://www.alyse4alaska.com/education', 'https://www.alyse4alaska.com/policy', 'https://www.alyse4alaska.com/safety-security', 'https://www.alyse4alaska.com/issues', 'https://www.alyse4alaska.com/rural', 'https://www.alyse4alaska.com/jobs', 'https://www.alyse4alaska.com/#top-home', 'https://www.alyse4alaska.com/meet-alyse', 'https://www.alyse4alaska.com/news-coverage', 'https://www.alyse4alaska.com/climatechange', 'https://www.alyse4alaska.com/#home-three', 'https://www.alyse4alaska.com/healthcare'}

Number of queries (dup removed): 12
=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.alyse4alaska.com/education=====

<tag>: h1

CRADLE-TO-CAREER EDUCATION

<tag>: h2

+ HIGHER EDUCATION

+ EARLY LEARNING

+ VOCATIONAL AND TECHNICAL OPPORTUNITIES

+ K-12

<tag>: h3
<tag>: h4
<tag>: h5
<tag>: p


Only one-third of our kids are prepared for Kindergarten — the national average is twice that. Alaska currently has the lowest public investment in Pre-K. Alaska doesn’t get the flexibility it needs to best use federal K-12 education funding.

We need leaders with the vision for a cradle to career system. Apprenticeships and vocational opportunities will enable those two-thirds of Alaskan high school graduates who do not go on to college to go on to great careers.I’ve met with leaders in Alaska’s construction and building trades who worry there won’t be enough qualified new workers to replace those who are retiring. We need career pathways for every Alaskan.

I’m a mom of four and I’ve homeschooled my kids, worked in education under two Governors, and I’ve advocated for our public schools as a grassroots organizer. I know the issues in our state, and I know we can do better.

We must ensure that all children get a quality education that leads to a good job. A strong economy begins with strong education for all Alaskans. But we aren’t doing everything we can at the federal level to invest in our children.

As your representative, I will fight for policies that strengthen our education system and allow our economy to thrive into the future.


Expand federal funding for vocational and technical education programs so the two-thirds of Alaskan young people who enter the workforce after high school are ready to start their careers

Create incentives to educate highly-qualified teachers in Alaska and to keep them in our schools

Fund our state’s university system as a global center for Arctic research studies and renewable energy

Improve access to federal funds for pre-K education in Alaska, including Head Start and Early Head Start

Reduce governmental requirements on quality teachers’ time so they can focus on providing the best education for our kids

Fight to reduce the burden of student loan debt, which is crippling a generation of young people and keeping students from pursuing higher education

Promote and expand apprenticeship programs that provide intensive on-the-job training for jobs in construction and building trades. Apprenticeships expand work opportunities for veterans, Alaska Natives, and people transitioning back to the workforce from treatment or incarceration.

Fight for legislation to improve our nation’s family leave, sick leave, child care assistance, nutritional support and programs that help parents support their child’s healthy development

Reduce tuition costs, increase Pell Grant funding and expand opportunities for low-income and underrepresented students to go to college

Ensure the federal government pays its promised 40% share of funding for education of students with disabilities instead of the 14-15% it’s paying today, allowing smaller class sizes and more opportunity for individualized education


=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.alyse4alaska.com/policy=====


OVERVIEW


The COVID health crisis brought to light what many of us already know: the economy isn’t working for far too many Alaskans. Many families are struggling to pay their bills, workers cannot find good jobs, and there are deep concerns about the future of our state’s economy.

EDUCATION

Rural Alaska

HEALTH & WELLNESS

I’m a mom of four and I’ve homeschooled my kids, worked in education under two Governors, and I’ve advocated for our public schools as a grassroots organizer. I know the issues in our state, and I know we can do better.

I will fight for rural families and their rights. We cannot leave rural Alaska behind as we recover from this public health and economic crisis. In addition to expanding broadband and affordable energy access, we must invest in roads and other basic infrastructure like water and sewer.

Alyse for Alaska, P.O Box 90020, Anchorage, Alaska 99509

JOBS, ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT, & DIVERSIFICATION

Healthcare costs are out of control, but Congressman Don Young doesn’t get it. While taking over $300 thousand from the healthcare industry, he repeatedly tried to take away health coverage away from thousand of Alaskan families.


=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.alyse4alaska.com/safety-security=====

<tag>: h1

SAFETY & SECURITY

<tag>: h2

+ ATTACKING THE OPIOID EPIDEMIC

+ PROTECTING OUR SECOND AMENDMENT RIGHTS

+ PUBLIC SAFETY


There are ways that the federal government can support Alaska as we work to improve law enforcement in our communities. I support federal community policing grants that help cities and villages hire officers who can not only respond to crime as it happens but prevent crime with strong youth mentoring and local partnerships.

The ravaging effects of opioid addiction are tearing through our families and communities. Alaska has the country’s highest percentage of teen drug users and the second highest percentage of adult users.

One-in-three Alaska villages have no local police. More than 70 Alaska communities — places with some of the highest rates of sexual assault in the U.S. — have no local police protection. That means, unlike most anywhere else in the United States, emergency help is hours or even days away. This is wrong. We need a fighter in Washington getting Alaskans the support we need.

I will also protect Alaska’s right to bear arms. As an Alaskan who grew up in a family of responsible gun owners who taught me how to hunt, I understand the importance of preserving our second amendment and protecting Alaskans’ way of life.

We need a strong re-entry program from prison and from drug treatment programs so people have the support they need to stay in recovery, find meaningful work, go back to school, reunite with their families and live full lives.

The ravaging effects of opioid addiction are tearing through our families and communities. Alaska has the country’s highest percentage of teen drug users and the second highest percentage of adult users. In Congress, I will fight to put an end to this epidemic and get support for Alaskans whose lives have been devastated.

One in three Alaska villages have no local police. Our State Troopers and Village Public Safety Officers are understaffed and underfunded. More than 70 Alaska communities — places with some of the highest rates of sexual assault in the U.S. — have no local police protection. That means, unlike most anywhere else in the United States, emergency help is hours or even days away.

As an Alaskan, growing up in a family of responsible gun owners taught me to hunt and understand the importance of preserving our second amendment rights and protecting Alaskans’ way of life. We must protect Alaskans' right to bear arms, whether that be for hunting or for our safety.

Alyse for Alaska, P.O Box 90020, Anchorage, Alaska 99509

PAID FOR BY ALYSE FOR ALASKA

Everywhere I go in Alaska, I hear from people that they feel unsafe in their homes, in their businesses and their communities. Anchorage is battling violent crime and property crime like never before. Rural Alaska is struggling to keep our communities safe without adequate law enforcement officers.

In Congress, I will advocate for solutions that put an end to this epidemic and get support for Alaskans whose lives have been devastated, including:

Expanding access to mental health services to help people before they turn to self-medication as a way to deal with their suffering

Supporting solutions like Project Hope and recommendations of the Alaska Opioid Task Force to provide these folks with the attention and support they need to help everyone who needs it

Better funding for treatment and recovery programs

Strengthening re-entry support for people who have completed treatment, are returning to their communities, and need help to stay employed, sober and stable

Improving research and treatment of intergenerational trauma, which too often leads to drug abuse, violence, and suicide unless the cycle is broken


=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.alyse4alaska.com/issues=====
OVERVIEW

The COVID health crisis brought to light what many of us already know: the economy isn’t working for far too many Alaskans. Many families are struggling to pay their bills, workers cannot find good jobs, and there are deep concerns about the future of our state’s economy.

EDUCATION

Rural Alaska

HEALTH & WELLNESS

I’m a mom of four and I’ve homeschooled my kids, worked in education under two Governors, and I’ve advocated for our public schools as a grassroots organizer. I know the issues in our state, and I know we can do better.

I will fight for rural families and their rights. We cannot leave rural Alaska behind as we recover from this public health and economic crisis. In addition to expanding broadband and affordable energy access, we must invest in roads and other basic infrastructure like water and sewer.

Alyse for Alaska, P.O Box 90020, Anchorage, Alaska 99509

JOBS, ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT, & DIVERSIFICATION

Healthcare costs are out of control, but Congressman Don Young doesn’t get it. While taking over $300 thousand from the healthcare industry, he repeatedly tried to take away health coverage away from thousand of Alaskan families.

=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.alyse4alaska.com/rural=====

RURAL ALASKA

+ UNIVERSAL BROADBAND

+ ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT

+ TRIBAL SOVEREIGNTY

+ SUBSISTENCE

+ PUBLIC SAFETY


We must also make sure there is a place in Alaska’s future for subsistence living. Many families depend on hunting, fishing, and gathering and I am committed to pushing back against federal overreach where it interferes with our tribes’ livelihoods and cultures.

Our greatest strength as Alaskans comes when we work together. When plans are being developed for projects in Alaska, it is important that we bring Alaskan voices to the table to decide on the best path forward. Together with the federal and state governments, Tribal governments and Alaska Native Corporations should be encouraged and empowered to work closely so that we can attract investment and funding for Alaska and pursue a shared vision together.

In Congress, I will fight hard for rural families and their rights. Respecting tribal sovereignty is deeply important to me, and I support efforts to increase their effectiveness and influence.

Alyse for Alaska, P.O Box 90020, Anchorage, Alaska 99509

PAID FOR BY ALYSE FOR ALASKA

We cannot leave rural Alaska behind as we recover from this public health and economic crisis. In addition to expanding broadband and affordable energy access, we must invest in roads and other basic infrastructure like water and sewer.


I support efforts to allow for enhanced tribal management of subsistence resources, including more involved co-management, recognizing that Indigenous peoples and organizations have the knowledge and skills to manage resources, like they have for thousands of years

Maintaining subsistence rights is critical to the well-being of our rural and urban Alaska Native communities. As your Congresswoman, I will stand up for subsistence rights in Congress and will work at the federal level to protect them from encroachment or limitation

Advocate for increased tribal participation in natural resource management

Without subsidies, our geography and small population means that high speed broadband likely isn’t economically viable, but it is essential to the health, education, and vitality of our rural communities

We can help transform our economy by listening to Alaska Native concerns and learning from Alaska Native innovation.

Directing federal funding and resources to fight the damaging effects of climate change in villages and rural communities.

Federal investment in infrastructure for our Alaska Native communities is key. We can lower energy costs through development of low-cost, local energy sources and improving energy efficiency. We also need more investment in broadband internet, so that all of Alaska can participate in the digital economy.

We need to reduce transportation costs by improving our ports, roads, and airports across Alaska.

One-in-three Alaska villages have no local police. Our State Troopers and Village Public Safety Officers are understaffed and underfunded. More than 70 Alaska communities — places with some of the highest rates of sexual assault in the U.S. — have no local police protection. That means, unlike most anywhere else in the United States, emergency help is hours or even days away

I believe our 229 federally recognized tribes in Alaska must be seen and treated as sovereign and the federal government must work to empower tribal governments to deliver services to their members

We must ensure that all people have access to adequate basic and affordable necessities like water, affordable heating, and broadband internet. Energy costs are sky-high in rural Alaska and focused investment by Congress can help bring down these costs.

Indigenous women are facing an epidemic of disappearances, homicide, violent crime, and trafficking, and the responsibility to stop it falls on all of us. Our leaders have failed these women and we need representatives actively working to protect them

In today’s economy, reliable high-speed internet is critical.. Even after many years of commitments and promises, many areas of rural Alaska are still seriously underserved by broadband providers

Strengthening public safety in rural Alaska, including increased federal funding to combat drug, alcohol and opioid abuse, as well as domestic violence and sexual abuse.



=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.alyse4alaska.com/jobs=====


JOBS, ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT, & DIVERSIFICATION

+ FISHERIES

+ PFD

+ MINING

+ RESPONSIBLE OIL AND GAS EXPLORATION AND PRODUCTION

+ INVESTING IN RENEWABLE ENERGY

+ JOBS AND ECONOMIC OPPORTUNITIES

Alaska has some of the most stringent requirements for oil and gas operations in the world; I support those requirements and believe they should continue to be reviewed to ensure that they are adequately protecting the environment.

In Alaska, we must come out of this crisis stronger and with a clear plan toward our own economic future. Our military families deserve our full support and our seniors must be able to retire with dignity. Further, it is time that Alaskan women receive equal pay for equal work.

Kodiak has already proven that renewable energy is possible and effective in Alaska. Kodiak has gotten almost 100 percent of its energy from a combination of wind and hydroelectric resources since 2014.

We have an opportunity for job growth in Alaska with the development of low-cost, locally-generated renewable energy. Alaska should be at the forefront of new production, research and technology whether it is wind, solar, geothermal, hydroelectric or tidal—we have it all here.

We must double down on our strengths like responsible natural resource development, our fishing and tourism industries, and small businesses. We must invest in our infrastructure like ports, roads, bridges, air, and rail, as well as rural broadband and energy access. We must look to new areas of growth such as tech, climate construction, military projects, and more.

Alaska is a natural resource state and mining is a key part of our economy. However, so are our fisheries. I am opposed to the Pebble Mine Project because I believe that with current technology it is the wrong mine in the wrong location and represents too big a risk to our vital Bristol Bay fisheries business.

As your next congresswoman, I won’t have any say in the size of our PFD check or where any of that money goes because it’s a state issue. I do, however, take issue with the fact that many Alaskans need their PFD checks to survive, and on the national level I will protect the PFD from additional taxes or other federal threats, and work to provide more Alaskans with well-paying job opportunities.

As we come out of this crisis as a country, we need to quickly get funds to our communities and small businesses that are suffering so that they can make it through these difficult times. We should then support our critical industries so that they stay afloat and in turn keep Alaskans employed and funds flowing into our state.

I will work hard in all of these areas and in my efforts to educate federal policymakers and agencies on how vital our fisheries are to Alaska and to the nation. I will fight for funding and actions that support the long-term health of our fishery resources and to ensure that public input from Alaskans, which is more important than ever in this time of rapid change, will be part of federal decision-making processes.

We must protect Alaska’s salmon from transboundary mining and development, which I will achieve through advocacy with the other members of the Congressional Delegation, Department of State and International Joint Commission. I oppose the Pebble Mine project because of its projected negative effects on Bristol Bay’s fisheries and other environmental concerns.

I support subsistence rights and will work at the federal level to uphold them.

I support responsible oil exploration in the 1002 Area of ANWR. Any oil and gas activity in ANWR would need to go through an extensive permitting process and I support full evaluation of any proposed activities and support maximum ANWR revenue sharing with the State of Alaska. I will strive to maximize Alaska-hire for any work done in ANWR, and I was disappointed that the State will only obtain 50% of ANWR revenue rather than the 90% previously secured by Sen. Ted Stevens.

Alaska’s fish are one of our most important natural resources. With well-funded and wise management, fishing is a truly renewable resource-based industry. Our commercial, sport, subsistence, and personal use fisheries are fundamental to our way of life and our economy. Commercial fishing employs nearly 40,000 people and generates over $2 billion in labor income. Furthermore, over one-third of Alaskans purchase sport fish licenses. Finally, aquaculture provides a significant growth opportunity for Alaska's economy.

I support the pursuit of a natural gas pipeline from the North Slope to market. The federal government will have a significant role in maximizing the opportunity for this valuable project to be economically viable. I will pursue opportunities to work with the State and project proponents to advance this project to completion.

Both the congressional and administrative branches of the federal government have an important duty to maintain healthy fisheries in Alaska. These include such diverse areas as NOAA’s research, management, and weather and climate programs; specific fisheries-management legislation such as the Magnuson-Stevens Act; the U.S. Coast Guard and its critical role in fisheries safety and enforcement; environmental protection policies; federal trade and marketing policies; construction and maintenance of transportation infrastructure; and federal funding that goes to the Alaska Department of Fish and Game.

The COVID health crisis brought to light what many of us already know: the economy isn’t working for far too many Alaskans. Many families are struggling to pay their bills, workers cannot find good jobs, and there are deep concerns about the future of our state’s economy. The situation is similarly dire across our entire country.

In-state commercial fisheries and federal waters in and off of Alaska annually account for more than one-half of the total volume and about one-third of the harvest value of all seafood harvested in the United States. Alaska’s fisheries provide vital sources of healthy seafood and cultural sustenance to our residents and are a critical component of Alaska’s tourism industry.

Mining provides an important economic development opportunity for Alaska, for local communities, and for Alaska Native Corporations. I support strong local input into a robust state and federal permitting process. That’s why I am particularly concerned about transboundary mining and the role of Alaska’s communities in such permitting decisions.

I support responsible exploration, development, and production of oil and gas in Alaska. Currently, the Alaskan economy depends on oil and gas production for jobs and state revenue, and it will continue to be dependent for at least the near future. I am encouraged by new on-shore discoveries and look forward to those projects advancing through the permitting and development process. I will strive to maximize Alaska-hire for any work done in the state.

We have already lost 39,000 Alaskan jobs due to the pandemic and our small businesses are closing right and left. Even before the pandemic, we had the highest unemployment in the nation and we ranked 49th out of 50 states for job growth.

Key to sustaining our renewable fish resources are habitat protections and robust, science-based management systems. Changes in climate and ocean conditions are bringing many new challenges to fishermen and women, fisheries-dependent communities and fisheries managers. There is an increased need for targeted federal funding for research and for necessary relief to those affected by fishery failures. I will fight to ensure that federal policies and financial resources provide the support needed to meet these challenges and sustain fisheries resources for all.

We need a Representative in Congress who will fight for the change that will turn things around. This is serious work that will impact every Alaskan. This is not a time to be making jokes about the pandemic, as Congressman Don Young did at a senior center while missing a key vote on the Coronavirus Relief Package.

The Bokan Mountain project in Southeast Alaska is an intriguing rare earth mineral project. These minerals are critical raw materials for our modern technology, such as cell phones. Currently China is the primary producer of these necessary components. It is critical to national security and our modern economy that the U.S. has access to rare earth minerals outside of China. Particularly in light of the reckless trade policies of the Trump Administration, we do not want to find ourselves shut off from our only supply of these materials, as Japan did a few years ago. Because China can manipulate the market price for these minerals, any project is unlikely to go forward without some assurance of an economic sales price. I believe it is incumbent of the federal government to enter into supply contracts with mines such as Bokan to provide the financial security to see such projects proceed, and I will support such efforts as a member of Congress.

Alyse for Alaska, P.O Box 90020, Anchorage, Alaska 99509

PAID FOR BY ALYSE FOR ALASKA

As we move away from fossil fuel across the globe, Alaska can lead the world in new energy production. In Congress, I will direct federal climate change and renewable energy research funding to Alaska’s universities. I will support incentives to accelerate the use of renewable energy in our homes, businesses and public buildings.


Improve broadband networks so everyone in the state- especially those in rural Alaska- can take advantage of high-growth internet-based careers and educational opportunities.

Support Net Neutrality and open access to the internet

Expand Arctic shipping and tourism by building large-vessel ports in Alaska

Strengthen vocational and technical schools so Alaskans can enter the workforce with the skills they need

Ensure equal pay for equal work

Expand Coast Guard presence in the Arctic waters



=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.alyse4alaska.com/#top-home=====


WHY I’M RUNNING

JOIN OUR CAMPAIGN:

WHO I AM

WHERE I STAND



Alyse for Alaska, P.O Box 90020, Anchorage, Alaska 99509

PAID FOR BY ALYSE FOR ALASKA

Contact: Team@Alyse4Alaska.com

I’ve fought for our children’s education, bringing Republicans, Democrats, and Independents together to deliver results for Alaska’s families. I will do the same for us in Washington, D.C.

=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.alyse4alaska.com/meet-alyse=====

ALYSE'S KIDS

COOPER

MY STORY

CAMDEN

BRIDGET

FIGHTER FOR ALASKAN FAMILIES

STEPPING UP TO SERVE

SEAN

ALASKAN ROOTS



My dad was a mechanic. He owned a Texaco gas station and then worked on the North Slope as a Teamster changing tires on big rigs. My brothers and I all learned the value of hard work where we used our hands, working jobs that left us exhausted at the end of the day.

I’ve been registered as an Independent since 2006, when I got so fed up with the partisanship standing in the way of solutions I changed my voter registration. I was tired of partisan bickering then and I still am today. I just want to get things done for Alaskans.

I don’t believe national solutions are always right for Alaska. I’m not running to bring Washington values to Alaska; I’m running to bring Alaska’s needs and Alaska’s values to Washington. This is a grassroots campaign about the people of Alaska, which is why I’m not accepting any corporate PAC money.

"I am fortunate to have role models like my parents. Because of them I know the joy of engaging with my community. A guiding principle from my mom that she has repeated over and over throughout my adolescence and adulthood, 'It doesn’t matter how smart you are, what matters is if you are making other people’s lives better.' One of my earliest memories is of my mom rehearsing for her part as Maria in the Sound of Music. She dedicated herself to the part and absolutely was a star. Ever since then, even when my family was busiest, up against financial pressures, my parents continued to be active participants in their community helping to make it better. My mom is a community builder, contributing to the local folk arts movements and advocating for students across the state to the state legislature."

My family first came up to Alaska to serve in World War II. I’m a third-generation Alaskan and like too many children in Alaska, I grew up in a home filled with trauma and abuse. My family struggled with addiction, mental illness, and abuse, but I was determined to break the cycle. My community and my school teachers lifted me up and gave me the tools and confidence I needed to persevere.

I feel called to serve in this role as our Congressperson. After 5 years fighting the same fights, I saw how lawmakers opened their doors to special interests and big corporate donors, but not every day working families. The people our leaders are supposed to be serving are being shut out.

I started working when I was eight years old, getting 25 cents a bag to take the trash out for the jewelry store down the street, and I never stopped. I worked my tail off throughout a variety of jobs, from waitress to copy shop manager, to achieve my dream of becoming the first in my family to graduate from college.

My proudest accomplishment is raising my four kids. Each of them is a graduate of Anchorage's public schools, and they are each driven by a desire for public service and giving back to their communities. Camden, Bridget, Sean, and Cooper are a continued blessing to Pat and me.

My husband and I returned to Alaska to start our family and went on to raise our four wonderful children in Alaska. I’ve been a homeschool parent and when I needed to go back to work to keep food on the table for my family, I did, and my kids thrived in Alaskan public schools. I’ve also owned two small businesses and managed a large hotel.

Camden is the youngest Galvin. He’s currently a sophomore at the Savannah College of Art and Design where he majors in game design. In 6th grade, Camden founded a lunch program, called Souper Steller, cooking soup for his sister’s high school. Through this program, Camden raised money for the Abused Woman Aid in Crisis shelter (AWAIC). His efforts were recognized with a Spirit of Youth Award. His community leadership skills were recognized when he was elected Co-Chair of his school’s governing body made up of representatives from parents, staff, and students. Camden also taught a class at his school titled “Mythology as a Roleplaying Game” in which he taught students folktales and myths through a game he developed himself.

In 2014, I watched our state cut teachers, counselors, and shop classes. Our children were suffering because our leaders were playing political football with their education. So, I led a small group of parents to resist the new budget cuts. From that small beginning, Great Alaska Schools grew from 40 members into a grassroots force of over 4,000 across the state, forcing lawmakers to take our demands seriously, restore funding, and act to improve public education. We were able to save over $200 million in budget cuts to Alaskan public schools.

"Mom never let us forget how fortunate we were for what we had. No matter how tough things seemed, we always had food on the table, a roof over our heads, and loving parents. We saw how hard she and my dad worked to guarantee us those things, but she always made sure we understood that not everyone is so lucky. By example, she taught us compassion and fearlessness, and instilled in us a duty to give back to our community."

“My mom is my biggest cheerleader. When I was fourteen and asked her about the possibility of taking a year to homeschool and focus on my music and theater, she reorganized her life to make it a reality. When I was fifteen and told her 'I think I like girls and boys,' she filled my life with love and support. When I was sixteen and came home complaining about teachers in my school being cut, she didn’t say 'oh that’s too bad,' she said, 'well what are we going to do about it?' Her ability to see through any problem, any crisis, any frustration and focus on the solution is what I admire most in her. And that's why I'm working every day to make sure she's Alaska's first Congresswoman.”

“My mom has always been a fighter for her community. She led me to carry this tradition of advocacy when she took me to visit the AWAIC shelter when I was in the 6th grade. I was moved by the stories from the children at the shelter, many of them my age. I wanted to help, but I didn’t know what to do. After brainstorming with my Mom, my friend and I started Souper Steller, and raised over $500 to buy toys and supplies for those children. It was through my mom’s kind words and encouragement that pushed me to help my community.”

Bridget recently graduated with a degree in political science from New York University. Bridget is a proud product of the Anchorage School District and spent much of her high school career advocating for Alaska’s public schools on a statewide level. She founded the movement Students With A Voice (SWAV), so Alaskan students could have the opportunity and encouragement to stand up for their right to a quality public education. Her advocacy took many forms, from organizing rallies, days of awareness, and student testimony before legislative committees, to personally meeting with legislators in our state capital. She’s worked at United Way of Anchorage, and at an after school program. Bridget took a year off from college in 2018 to work with Alyse on her first run and is currently working on the campaign as Alyse’s Communications Director.

WHERE I STAND

I am a third-generation Alaskan and a proud mom of four. I grew up in an Alaskan family that battled addiction, mental illness, and abuse, but I broke that cycle. I served Alaska under Republican and Independent governors and led a non-partisan grassroots movement to restore education funding and improve our schools.

Alaska and our nation are at a crossroads right now. I believe I am the new kind of leader we need for Alaska’s future. In Congress, I will work for all Alaskans and build a strong economy that supports small business, keeps our kids here, and puts Alaskans first in line for good-paying jobs.

Cooper is an associate at McKinsey and Company. He studied his PhD at Stanford Medical School studying Biophysics. His mother inspired him to always pick science research projects based on whether they address a major societal need. Cooper has researched the root causes of Alzheimer’s disease, how to make materials for a giant battery to permit greater renewable energy adoption into the US power-grid, and diabetes prevention policy to reduce suffering and wasteful spending on healthcare. During graduate school, Cooper started a student organization to connect professional scientists with low-income high school students to work on open projects in science/technology. In every case, his mother was a source of moral guidance and enthusiasm.

Sean recently graduated from NYU Law School. His commitment to public service has been with him from a young age; he and his band The Asteroids won an Alaska Spirit of Youth Award for their work providing live music for non-profit events in and around Anchorage. In college, Sean volunteered at a non-profit environmental law firm in Portland, and worked as campaign manager for promising State House candidate Pete LaFrance in Palmer. Sean continued to work for the public interest in law school, serving as a legal intern for the New York State Department of Financial Services' Financial Fraud and Consumer Protection Division and for the New York Attorney General's Labor Bureau. Sean is now an attorney at Goodwin Procter LLP in New York.

My husband Pat and I are the proud parents of four amazing kids raised and educated in Alaska. Like any parent, I want to make sure that Alaska is a place with the jobs, educational opportunities, and vibrant communities that will allow my children — and every child — to live, work and raise families right here in Alaska.


I have experience making real change for real people. I worked to expand early childhood education for Alaskan kids at the public-private partnership Best Beginnings, and I went on to serve Alaskans under the leadership of two governors to improve the state’s public schools.

I realized that if we want lasting change, we must change the people behind those closed doors to better reflect our values. So, in 2018 I ran for Congress to fight for much-needed solutions for Alaskans. And as a first-time candidate, we won 47% of the vote, coming closer than anyone in the last 30 years to defeating Don Young. Now I am back to finish the job.

We are facing a crisis and our leaders are not listening. It’s time for a new Representative who listens to and works for the people of Alaska, not Washington special interests.

Alyse for Alaska, P.O Box 90020, Anchorage, Alaska 99509

PAID FOR BY ALYSE FOR ALASKA


=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.alyse4alaska.com/climatechange=====
CLIMATE CHANGE & PROTECTING ALASKA'S NATURAL ENVIRONMENT


+ INVESTING IN RENEWABLE ENERGY & ENERGY EFFICIENCY

+ ADAPTING TO THE CHANGING CLIMATE

+ NATURAL RESOURCE DEVELOPMENT

I support responsible natural resource development, including oil and gas, mining, timber, and fisheries. Alaska is a natural resource state and mining is a key part of our economy However, so are our fisheries. I am opposed to the Pebble Mine Project because it is the wrong mine in the wrong location and represents too big a risk to our vital Bristol Bay fisheries. The current technology is underdeveloped and unreliable. I believe Alaska has strong environmental protections, and I support efforts to establish state primacy on federal regulatory issues where appropriate.

We already have the most microgrids in the US per capita and we’ve seen massive success in Kodiak, which generates 99% of its electricity from renewable energy using a combination of wind and hydro.

Contact: Team@Alyse4Alaska.com

Alaska should lead the country in developing climate technology, adapting to climate change, and advocating against its spread. We also need to model job creation in energy conservation construction techniques. We are already advancing such innovation at the Cold Climate Housing Research Center in Fairbanks. We should be investing in and developing these technologies ourselves rather than waiting for the world to sell them to us later. We have local solutions right here at home, but we need the leadership to deliver it.

We should be enhancing the funding for climate change research, not casting doubt on it. UAF is one of the most cited research institutions in the world on climate change, and we should be steering more research dollars into our Universities.

Alaska can lead the world in new energy production and innovative energy conservation. Alaska should be at the forefront of new production, research and technology whether it is wind, solar, geothermal, hydroelectric or tidal. We have it all here.

Regardless of how successful the fight against climate change will be in the future, Alaska communities are already dealing with the impacts from the changing climate and must have federal support to survive.

We are now in a climate crisis -- we are beyond climate change. Alaska is ground zero for the negative effects of this climate crisis. We’re experiencing temperatures rising at twice the rate of the rest of the country, acidification of our waters and its consequences for our fisheries, rising costs of energy in Rural Alaska, and whole communities needing to be uprooted because they’re sinking into the ground. These effects threaten the daily life of communities across our state, but our current representative refuses to come home, look around and see these facts.

So many of our Alaskan industries, including fishing and tourism, depend on the preservation of the environment. Climate change could bring subsistence hunting and fishing in our Alaska Native communities to the verge of collapse. In Congress, I will fight to protect what makes Alaska so unique and important to the people here: our natural environment.


I support securing the necessary federal funds to relocate threatened villages, invest in research and development of technologies to address engineering challenges associated with melting permafrost, and responsible mitigation to address coastal erosion.


=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.alyse4alaska.com/healthcare=====
HEALTH AND WELLNESS

A COMPREHENSIVE HEALTHCARE PLAN

+ GETTING COVID UNDER CONTROL

+ WOMEN’S AND REPRODUCTIVE HEALTH

+ LOWERING COSTS

+ WELLNESS AND MENTAL HEALTH

Alaskans suffer from some of the highest rates of substance abuse, mental illness, and suicide. Intergenerational trauma, including physical, sexual, and emotional abuse has contributed to these behavioral health problems. The movement of healing and ending cycles of abuse is beginning and needs support.

I support responsible actions that bring stability to the system and lower the cost for all Alaskans, including:

We must change from the current system that compensates healthcare providers based on the volume of services they perform and move to a system that compensates based on healthcare outcomes. I support federal policies that make it easier for people to get primary and preventative care to stay healthy.

Congressman Don Young has been in office for over 40 years, but he hasn’t solved our most pressing problems even though he’s had more than enough time to do so. We deserve a champion in Congress who will fight for all of us to have comprehensive, affordable care. That includes protecting people with pre-existing health conditions so they don’t lose their insurance.

We must fix what is wrong with healthcare right now while also moving toward a comprehensive, long-term solution.

In order for us to get back to work, we need to significantly reduce the risks associated with getting our kids back in school, shoppers back in our stores, and all of us out of our houses. The approach is straightforward. We need the resources invested in getting rapid testing available to everyone, and significantly increase our contact tracing capabilities. Finally, we need investment in a vaccine, and in therapies that will reduce the suffering and death associated with the disease.

Healthcare costs are out of control, but Congressman Don Young doesn’t get it. While racking up over $300 thousand from the healthcare industry, he repeatedly tried to take health coverage away from thousands of Alaskan families by voting for an insurance industry bill that increased premiums and failed to reduce prescription drug prices. He mockingly referred to coronavirus as the “beer virus” and put Alaska seniors at risk by participating in large gatherings with no safety precautions.

The healthcare system has gotten too complicated. It is bureaucratic and cumbersome, just like the federal government. Comprehensive healthcare must include coverage for illness and injury and also coverage for preventative care, maternal and reproductive care, mental health, vision, and dental. And it needs to be easy to navigate.

Our healthcare system is broken: it doesn’t cover enough, it’s hard for Alaskans to find doctors, and it’s too expensive for too many people. These costs are also standing in the way of economic growth. Too many small companies are unable to expand their businesses. Employers are seeing labor costs explode, while wages remain stagnant. America’s healthcare dollars should be going to patient care, not Big Pharma and special interests.

I will be a champion for a strong re-entry program from prison and drug treatment programs. Alaskans must have the support they need to stay in recovery, find meaningful work, go back to school, reunite with their families, and lead full lives.

Prevention and treatment programs and additional behavioral health professionals are desperately needed across Alaska. We must comprehensively address the opioid crisis and strengthen access to treatment and recovery services.

Alyse for Alaska, P.O Box 90020, Anchorage, Alaska 99509

PAID FOR BY ALYSE FOR ALASKA

We must ensure that women have full, unlimited access to reproductive health services. I believe that the issue of abortion is a private matter between a woman, her doctor, and her faith. Women’s reproductive health starts with access and education. I will fight to make sure that contraception is available to all and covered by insurance.

<tag>: li

Allow us to purchase prescription drugs from other countries when safe and at a much lower cost

Open health care exchanges across state lines so Alaska can team up with other small-population states to expand our coverage pool, which lowers expenses

Increase Medicare reimbursement rates so that they cover the cost of care for providers and make it easier for Alaskans to find doctors who accept Medicare

Support legislation and policies to lower the cost of prescription drugs
