Candidate: BILIRAKIS, GUS M
Result:isforcongress.com/=====

 <tag> h2


SUPPORTING MILITARY AND VETERANS

LOWERING DRUG PRICES

PROTECTING THE VULNERABLE AND ELDERLY

Join Team Bilirakis.

A CHAMPION FOR OUR VETERANS, OUR FAMILIES AND OUR VALUES

KEEPING SCHOOLS SAFE

CUTTING TAXES

HOME PAGE

REBUILDING OUR ECONOMY

 <tag> p


A second-generation Greek-American, Gus Bilirakis was born on February 8, 1963 in Gainesville, Florida. Elected to Congress in 2007, Gus has had the honor to serve the people of Florida's Twelfth Congressional District.



Gus was recently named Florida's Most Effective Congressional Republican by the Center for Effective Lawmaking

Gus works in a bipartisan manner to control federal spending, create jobs for middle-class Americans, lower taxes, and seek ways to make government smaller and more efficient. He remains committed to strengthening homeland security, improving education, increasing access to quality health care, protecting Veterans' benefits, and ensuring the long-term viability of Social Security and Medicare.

 <tag> li




DONATE

ACT NOW

DISTRICT MAP

ISSUES

HOME

CONTACT TEAM BILIRAKIS TODAY!

NEWS

MEET GUS

 <tag> span




Name*

*

Please Indicate All Volunteer Opportunities You Are Interested In

LEARN MORE


=====LINK SOURCE: https://bilirakisforcongress.com/news/=====

 <tag> h2


HAPPENING NOW.

ARCHIVES

Join Team Bilirakis.

TAGS

 <tag> h3


U.S. District 12: Gus Bilirakis wins seventh term in Congress

Veteran claims VA mistreatment, Congressman wants answers

Congressman comes to Florida, wants answers from VA about mistreated veteran

Rep. Gus Bilirakis wins re-election in Florida

Protecting 2nd Amendment Rights

 <tag> p


Hunter, who quit his job at the Department of Justice in December to run for office, said the results are a reflection of one of the most solidly Republican drawn districts in the state, which Trump won by 19 points in 2016.

Bilirakis raised $1.8 million for his re-election, with about half coming from political action committees and special interest groups, according to the Federal Election Commission. Hunter raised $721,331, with less than five percent from PACs, most of which were tied to party leadership.

U.S. Rep. Gus Bilirakis won a seventh term in Congress Tuesday, prevailing over a challenge from Democrat Chris Hunter, a former FBI agent and federal prosecutor.

But like many competitive House races across the country, District 12 in many ways could be seen as a gauge on Trump. Ed Schenk, 57, athletic director at Citrus Park Christian School, said he voted for Bilirakis despite his support of the opioid industry because Bilirakis is “a Republican and supports Donald Trump.”

Last week, 8 On Your Side revealed Henry languished in pain for months under VA care.

Henry explained what he experienced at the VA’s C. W. Bill Young Medical Center at Bay Pines to Congressman Bilirakis.

“I do support, for the most part, Donald Trump’s policies, but it’s very beneficial to my constituents and I think they agree with me,” Bilirakis said. “I have a good relationship with the administration and it’s already paid dividends,” he said, noting federal funding secured for dredging of the Anclote River and combating opioiod abuse.

“I just want to roll up my sleeves and get to work,” Bilirakis said.

Bilirakis’ victory came in the face of considerable controversy during his last term. In 2016 he co-sponsored a law that made it harder for the Drug Enforcement Administration to intercept suspicious shipments of narcotics while he accepted campaign donations from drug companies who pushed the law.

“A lot of Republicans take money when they shouldn’t,” Schenk said. “Is it wrong? Yeah I believe it’s wrong. But Gus is not pushing socialism, communism and open borders.”

According to Mike, one doctor at the VA’s C.W. Bill Young Medical Center at Bay Pines became abusive.

This week he did and we were there.

“We want to help them. I told them I’ll help them, whether they want to stay with the VA at Bay Pines or transfer possibly to Haley or get private care, I’m here to help,” Congressman Bilirakis said.

“Then maybe that would let them know, ‘ah ha, maybe this is something we need to look at,'” Henry explained.



Henry suffers from a condition in which nerve cells in his brain trigger uncontrollable muscle contractions in his face, neck and shoulder.

Congressman Gus Bilirakis wanted some answers.

The Henrys are thankful someone is watching out for them.

The home visit left Mike and Shelly hopeful, especially since Bilirakis offered one of his staff to accompany Mike.

That changed quickly when Henry visited Tampa General Hospital, where he was diagnosed with a neurological disorder within an hour.

Bilirakis earned nearly 60 percent of the voters over Hunter in the district that covers northern Pinellas, all of Pasco and a sliver of Hillsborough counties, according to unofficial state results as of press time.

News Channel 8

It causes intense pain and swelling.

Elaine Sarris, 57, of Tarpon Springs, said over Bilirakis’ 12 years in Congress, there had never been a strong challenger to offer voters an alternative to the “entrenched incumbent” until Hunter. After she cast her vote on Tuesday, she said the struggling middle class in Pasco and Pinellas counties could benefit from Hunter’s leadership on supporting health care and protecting the environment.

Within an hour, TGH diagnosed his problem as a neurological disorder.

TAMPA, Fla. (AP) – Republican U.S. Rep. Gus Bilirakis has won re-election in Florida.

“You have been wonderful,” Shelly Henry said. “Thank you so much, I really hope this helps other veterans.

The Florida Republican from Tarpon Springs saw an 8 On Your Side investigation in which veteran Mike Henry suffered in agony.

According to Henry, one Bay Pines doctor called him a faker and accused him of being after drugs.

From his office in Washington, Congressman Bilirakis promised to get involved.

ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (WFLA) – Alarmed by an 8 On Your Side investigation of a veteran mistreated by the VA, Florida Congressman Gus Bilirakis made a beeline to his home state to get answers and offer help.

Click Here to Read Online

The Bilirakis name is also a staple in the district. Before Bilirakis, 55, was elected in 2006, his father, Michael Bilirakis, served in the seat for 24 years.

The Pinellas County Representative wants to know why VA doctors couldn’t figure out what is wrong with veteran Mike Henry.

“Then he grabs me right here, my neck was swollen and he’s shaking me around. And then I said, ‘what are you doing? Are you crazy?’ He goes, ‘oh you’re talking normal now, you’re just a faker, I told you that’s what you were,'” Henry recalled.

When doctors decided to just see how bad he got, Mike bolted for Tampa General Hospital.

Tampa Bay Times November 6th, 2018 Click Here To Read Online

Bilirakis won a seventh term in the House in Tuesday’s vote. He represents Florida’s 12th congressional district, which includes northern parts of the Tampa Bay area.

Now that a Congressman is watching over Mike Henry’s case, he is hopeful a more meaningful dialogue will take place with Bay Pines about his care and treatment.

Bilirakis defeated Democrat Chris Hunter, a former federal prosecutor.

Bilirakis is an attorney and former state legislator whose father, Mike Bilirakis, served in Congress for 24 years.

“It means I can go back up here to Washington D.C. and represent my constituents and fight for them, fight for our veterans, our children with rare diseases,” said Bilirakis, who declined an invitation from WFLA Channel 8 to debate Hunter on air. “I’m a workhorse, not a show horse, and I think people appreciate that.”

“This is a veteran, we’ve got to give him the best possible treatment you can get,” Congressman Bilirakis stated.

Bilirakis, a Republican from Palm Harbor, has been a reliable backer of President Donald Trump, a stance he said affirms support of his leadership from constituents in the 12th Congressional District that covers northern Tampa Bay.

Our gun rights are constantly under attack by the radical left. Gus believes every American has a right to defend themselves and their family, and he is proud of his Pro-Gun record in both the Florida House and the U.S. House.issues-

“He would like to go with Mike to his next VA appointment and he’s going to follow up with us,” Shelly Henry added.

For months Bay Pines had no answers.

“We’re so overdue for change,” said Sarris, owner of Bayou Vintage in Tarpon Springs. “We need people who are more progressive, who think more about constituents than what benefits them.”

“What I hope for the future of our state and our country is that we move beyond merely voting based on partisan allegiance,” Hunter said. “I hoped that would be something that would happen in this Congressional race. It didn’t, but that doesn’t mean it can’t or it won’t, and I maintain my optimism for the future.”

Bilirakis said his priorities for his seventh term would be creating a bipartisan committee to strengthen Medicare and Social Security. He also pledged to work to expand the types of veterans who qualify for benefits under presumptive status.

“It actually feels like somebody has a knife, a steak knife in here, and they’re just slowly twisting,” Henry said as he pointed to his temple.

“I will be forever grateful for you guys for doing this and hopefully you guys aren’t just covering my case, you’ll help some of the other veterans and let the people know they have a voice,” Henry added.

Mike says he was accused of faking it and being after drugs.

Henry has a medical background. He hopes to sit with the VA to discuss mistakes he thinks the Bay Pines made.

 <tag> li




September 2016

2nd amendment

official

bilirakis

prescription drugs

affordable

May 2017

medicare

September 2018

survey

February 2016

florida

November 2015

congress

November 2018

December 2015

September 2017

Israel

January 2016

trump

November 2016

liberal media

district 12

seniors

CONTACT TEAM BILIRAKIS TODAY!

priority

MEET GUS

August 2016

affordable health care

June 2018

August 2018

Washington

gus is for us

October 2015

social security

health care

October 2018

ISSUES

July 2018

NEWS

conservative

right to bear arms

allies

ACT NOW

DONATE

August 2020

united

DISTRICT MAP

April 2017

Iran

October 2016

HOME

June 2016


=====LINK SOURCE: https://bilirakisforcongress.com/act-now/=====

 <tag> h2


ACT NOW

Join Team Bilirakis.

 <tag> h3


We need YOUR help! Get involved in the Bilirakis campaign TODAY!

Will You Join Our Team?

 <tag> strong


We need YOUR help! Get involved in the Bilirakis campaign TODAY!

 <tag> p




Sign up below to volunteer for our team.

 <tag> li




Last Name*

ZIP*

How I'd Like to Help Make Phone Calls Request a Yard Sign Go Door to Door Attend Events Help Get Out the Vote Spread the Word Online Whatever is Needed

Attend Events

Request a Yard Sign

Go Door to Door

Help Get Out the Vote

CONTACT TEAM BILIRAKIS TODAY!

Phone*

MEET GUS

Email*

First Name*

ISSUES

NEWS

ACT NOW

DONATE

DISTRICT MAP

Whatever is Needed

Spread the Word Online

HOME

Make Phone Calls

 <tag> span


*


=====LINK SOURCE: https://bilirakisforcongress.com/about-gus/=====

 <tag> h2


MEET GUS

Join Team Bilirakis.

 <tag> strong


Most Effective Lawmaker in the State of Florida

 <tag> p


Gus serves on the Energy and Commerce Committee and the Veterans’ Affairs Committee. He is the Ranking Member of the VA Economic Opportunities Subcommittee and a Member of the VA Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs, Health Subcommittee and Communications and Technology Subcommittee.

Add your name as a supporter below if you want Gus to keep fighting for us!

Working in a bipartisan manner, his main priorities include controlling government spending, creating jobs for middle class Americans, finding ways for government to operate smaller and smarter, and lowering taxes. He is also committed to strengthening homeland security, improving education, increasing access to quality health care, lowering the cost of prescription drugs, protecting Veterans’ benefits, ensuring the long-term viability of Social Security and Medicare, and improving emergency preparedness and response.

A second generation Greek-American, Gus Bilirakis was born on February 8, 1963 in Gainesville, Florida. Elected to Congress in 2007, it has been one of the great honors of Gus’s life to serve Florida’s Twelfth Congressional District.

Gus earned his B.A. degree from the University of Florida and then achieved his law degree from Stetson University College of Law. Upon graduation, Gus went straight to work at his family’s law firm, while also serving eight years in the Florida House of Representatives.

Since Gus arrived in Washington, he has made an effort to work across the aisle to get results for our community. With 27 bills he authored signed into law between 2015 and 2018, Congressman Bilirakis was recently designated as the Most Effective Lawmaker in the State of Florida by the Center for Effective Lawmaking at Vanderbilt University.

 <tag> li




DONATE

ACT NOW

DISTRICT MAP

ISSUES

HOME

CONTACT TEAM BILIRAKIS TODAY!

NEWS

MEET GUS


=====LINK SOURCE: https://bilirakisforcongress.com/issues/=====

 <tag> h2


ISSUES

Join Team Bilirakis.

 <tag> h3


Energy Production

Budget and Taxes

Flood Insurance

Foreign Affairs

Rebuilding our Military

Safer Communities

Border Security

Job Creation

Mental Health

Opioid Epidemic

Education

Homeland Security

Seniors

Recovering From The Covid Crisis

Health Care

Veterans

 <tag> p




Social Security and Medicare must remain fiscally solvent to ensure retirement security for current seniors, our children and grandchildren. However, Social Security has been operating at a deficit since 2010. Unless Social Security is modernized and strengthened, these deficits may cause the annual cost-of-living adjustments to shrink or disappear entirely in the future. Representative Bilirakis strongly believes that Congress must make serious fiscal reforms to ensure our financial stability while still ensuring that we uphold the commitments we have made to our seniors. He is absolutely opposed to legislation that will cut Social Security for seniors in order to pay for overseas operations, health care for others or any other program.

Gus introduced H.R. 2330, the bi-partisan Medicare Audiology Services Enhancement Act, which clarifies current Medicare rules to expand access to audiology services for seniors who are hearing impaired.

Gus believes our country does not do enough to address mental illness, and he is working to fix it. In Congress, Gus is seeking to improve access to care and support systems which enable those suffering from mental illness to become active members of our community.

Gus Bilirakis has tackled the issue of rising flood insurance rates head on, and he has the record to prove it.

In the Constitution, Congress is tasked with the responsibility to raise and support our country’s national defense. Congressman Bilirakis is proud to support our nation’s women and men in uniform and understands the importance of providing our brave men and women of the Armed Forces with the resources they need, and to ensure the Department of Defense (DOD) has the ability to develop new technologies and maintain existing infrastructures to meet those emerging threats. He is a member of the:

As the grandson of Greek immigrants, Bilirakis is heavily invested in Hellenic affairs. The region is vital to American interests, and Greece is a strong ally of the United States. He is the Co-Chair of the Congressional Caucus on Hellenic Affairs and the founding Co-Chair of the Congressional Hellenic Israel Alliance. Israel is a strategic ally in the region as well, sharing a common defense strategy with the United States, Greece, Cyprus, and other allies to thwart existential threats from bad actors in the region. In an increasingly connected world, it is important to recognize that upheaval and unrest in the Middle East can have ripples that echo across the Atlantic. American interests must be protected at all cost, and Congressman Bilirakis embraces the opportunity to work with world leaders to ensure a peaceful future in the Middle East and at home.

Congressman Bilirakis firmly supports an “all of the above” energy strategy that includes increasing domestic production, providing incentives for the development of renewable resources, and promoting conservation. New and emerging technologies will allow the United States to better harness the existing swath of renewable and nonrenewable energy sources that are available.

Gus has a proven record fighting to keep our communities safe. He is ardently pro-law enforcement and supports legislation such as Kate’s Law and the No Sanctuary for Criminals Act to keep law-abiding residents safe.

Bilirakis is a staunch opponent of Obamacare. He opposed the legislation when it passed in 2009, and has worked to repeal and replace the law. Bilirakis supports the infusion of free market principles and cost transparency into the health care system, which he believes is the best way to lower costs and increase access to affordable care.

In the 113th Congressman Bilirakis joined the Energy and Commerce Committee. Part of his Committee assignment includes serving on the Health Subcommittee, with jurisdiction over Medicare, Medicaid, the Affordable Care Act – better known as Obamacare – and the rest of the American health care system.

As a former member of the House Committee on Foreign affairs and current member of the Caucus on International Religious Freedom, Congressman Bilirakis’ desire to support our allies, protect religious freedom, and prevent attacks from our enemies have kept him apprised of major world events.

In the 112th Congress, Bilirakis championed two pieces of legislation that were signed into law. The first, H.R. 4057, the Improving Transparency of Education Opportunities for Veterans Act – introduced by Bilirakis – directed the VA to develop a comprehensive policy to improve outreach and transparency to veterans and members of the Armed Forces by providing information on institutions of higher learning. The second, S. 3202, the Dignified Burial of Veterans Act, included language from the House companion bill offered by Bilirakis. S. 3202 requires the Secretary of Veterans Affairs (VA) to provide caskets or urns for veterans with no next of kin and insufficient resources to cover burial and funeral expenses.

As a member of the Veterans’ Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs (DAMA), Bilirakis has also toured the VA Regional Office and met with VA officials to discuss veterans’ claims processing issues. He is working with his Subcommittee colleagues to improve the claims processing system to reduce the claims backlog and shorten response times. Too many veterans wait too long for care, and too many find the appeals process onerous. Reducing the claims backlog and providing veterans with timely and quality access to care is a top priority for Congressman Bilirakis.

Millions of Floridians are suffering as a result of the opioid epidemic. Gus is working to combat this by supporting grants that help fund educational programs, treatment centers, law enforcement resources, physician training, among other strategies.

The Implementing the 9/11 Commission Recommendations Act includes two proposals sponsored by Congressman Bilirakis. First, ensuring that rail and mass transit security coordinators are American citizens and requiring the real-world testing of rail tank cars carrying hazardous materials to determine the way to best protect them from attack.

H.R. 3370 includes common-sense reforms that not only continue the intent of the NFIP – to protect homeowners from devastating floods – but also ensures the program is able to cover its costs. It is important to stress that the reforms made to the NFIP were not intended to cause the dramatic increases that homeowners are currently experiencing.

Prior to the introduction of H.R. 3370, the Homeowner Flood Insurance Affordability Act of 2013, Congressman Bilirakis introduced the Homeowners Flood Insurance Relief Act, to substantively address the flood insurance rate increase. He heard from my constituents, and was involved in this process from the beginning. Representative Bilirakis was proud to be part of the core group of bipartisan legislators who worked with Majority Leader Cantor to get H.R. 3370 passed in the House of Representatives.

Gus has introduced two major pieces of legislation to protect Medicare, and save money within the program without impacting benefits or beneficiaries. H.R. 3392, the Medicare Part D Patient Safety and Drug Abuse Prevention Act, would establish a Safe Pharmacy Access Program, to prevent high-risk beneficiaries from abusing controlled substances. This is a cost-saving measure utilized by private industry, TRICARE, and state Medicaid programs. H.R. 2828, the Medicare Abuse Prevention (MAP) Act, would remove Social Security Numbers from Medicare cards and strengthens the civil and criminal penalties for Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP abuse. It would also incentivize states to conduct their own prescription drug monitoring programs.

Congressman Bilirakis has introduced two pieces of legislation to help preserve Medicare for current and future beneficiaries. H.R. 3392, the Medicare Part D Patient Safety and Drug Abuse Prevention Act, would establish a Safe Pharmacy Access Program, to prevent high-risk beneficiaries from abusing controlled substances. This is a cost-saving measure utilized by private industry, TRICARE, and state Medicaid programs. H.R. 2828, the Medicare Abuse Prevention (MAP) Act, would remove Social Security Numbers from Medicare cards and strengthens the civil and criminal penalties for Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP abuse. It would also incentivize states to conduct their own prescription drug monitoring programs.

Families and businesses across the country are hurting in the wake of the COVID-19 economic crisis. Gus knows that we need real, long term solutions to help get our economy and our way of life back on track.

Representative Bilirakis is a member of the House Committee on Energy and Commerce, which has jurisdiction over federal energy policy. He intends to use this position to work in a bipartisan fashion to eliminate barriers to domestic energy production to encourage economic growth. He is also a cosponsor of legislation to build the Keystone Pipeline – an instant boost to domestic energy production that will create tens of thousands of jobs in areas where job opportunities are scarce.

Our nation is threatened by a debt crisis that has been caused by unrestrained federal deficits that if unchecked, will threaten economic prosperity and job growth. If we do not take action now, then we risk becoming the first generation to leave our country worse off for our children and grandchildren. Congressman Bilirakis believes that we must implement serious spending reforms to restore the fiscal credibility of the United States at home and in the global market. During these difficult economic times, Americans have had to spend less, and the federal government should do likewise.

Congressman Bilirakis has been a long-time proponent of the public education system, both in the Florida Legislature and now in Congress. As a father of four boys, all of whom graduated from or currently attend public school, he understands the link between a robust public education system and a vital and thriving nation.

In December 2010, Gus was named Chairman of the critical Emergency Preparedness, Response and Communications Subcommittee. As Chairman, Bilirakis' position is vital to the state of Florida, as he oversees FEMA, emergency grant programs, communication during emergency situations, and disaster response and recovery efforts.

Gus supports President Trump’s plan to build a wall on our Southern border.

Bilirakis introduced the Student Visa Security Improvement Act, which would ensure the United States properly vets potential students before they are granted visas for admission and would ensure they abide by the terms of that visa. Gus also has cosponsored legislation to prevent states from issuing driver’s licenses to illegal aliens, eliminate the visa lottery, and clarify that the Administration should rigorously enforce current immigration laws.

In March 2011, Gus introduced the Student Visa Security Improvement Act, which will improve the background checks conducted on student visa applicants from high-risk areas and enhance America's ability to ensure that foreign students are abiding by the terms of their visas once in the U.S. He has also introduced the Metropolitan Medical Response System Program Act of 2011, H.R. 1411, to assist state and local governments in preparing for and responding to mass casualty incidents resulting from acts of terrorism, natural disasters, and other emergencies.

Congressman Bilirakis supports reforming the tax code, which will eliminate a barrier to economic growth for everyone. The federal tax code has grown far too complicated for individuals and small businesses. It now contains approximately 4 million words; almost triple the number from just ten years ago. He supports tax reform that makes the tax code simpler and fairer for everyone, which will free capital, increase investment, and lead to more jobs for Americans.

Seniors are among the most vulnerable to COVID-19 complications. That’s why Gus will fight to ensure that as soon as an approved vaccine is available, senior citizens will be first in line to receive the treatment.

Congressman Bilirakis also supports the Medicare program. Medicare is extremely important to seniors, and arguably the most popular aspects of the program – Medicare Advantage and Medicare Part D – operate successfully because of free market principles. Medicare also needs to ensure its fiscal viability for current and future beneficiaries.

Gus voted for the CARES Act to ensure families and small businesses received relief when they needed it most. Now, Gus supports the House Republican plan to stabilize spending and incentive Americans to return back to work.

In addition, Congressman Bilirakis is fighting to bring additional health care resources to Florida and the Twelfth Congressional District. Since coming to Congress, he has worked with local and national VA officials to expand the Pasco County VA Outpatient Clinic and bring additional health care services, such as dental care and mental health services, to area veterans. He also has visited the James Haley VA Medical Center (VAMC), meeting with the medical center staff and veterans to discuss the care and services provided at the VAMC.

Additionally, Congressman Bilirakis is a member of numerous health care-related caucuses through which he advocates for many important causes, including the:

Government doesn’t create jobs, small businesses do. Gus is working hard to cut taxes and eliminate frivolous regulations that hold businesses back, and will always support legislation that brings jobs back to our community.

Bilirakis has supported legislation to increase access to higher education by raising the maximum Pell Grant (federal assistance that deserving students do not have to repay) award. Congressman Bilirakis also has voted to improve the Head Start program to help close the learning gap between children from disadvantaged families and their more well-off peers. In the 113th Congress, Bilirakis supported legislation, which is now law, to help make college more affordable by permanently reducing interest rates on federally-subsidized student loans. He also voted in favor of legislation that would return the control of the public school system to localities, by empowering teachers, families, and local school boards.

Congressman Bilirakis strongly opposes illegal immigration but, as a grandchild of Greek immigrants, he recognizes the cultural, intellectual, and economic benefit of legal, law-abiding immigrants. He does not believe we should provide amnesty or reward those who have broken our nation’s immigration laws. Doing so simply encourages continued law-breaking and greater illegal immigration in the future. He knows that effective immigration control requires strong border enforcement and visa enforcement – nearly half of all illegal immigrants are visa overstays, not individuals who cross the border. Bilirakis recognizes the need to eliminate the incentives that encourage individuals to come here illegally, by reforming immigration process in such a way that rewards legal immigration and punishes those who break the law.

Congressman Bilirakis specifically requested a seat on the House Committee on Veterans' Affairs because of his commitment to advocate on behalf of veterans and their families in the United States Congress. He has worked throughout his tenure in Congress to ensure veterans receive quality and timely services while promoting transparency throughout the VA.

Congressman Bilirakis sought a seat on the Homeland Security Committee shortly after his election to Congress because few issues are as important as defending America’s citizens from those who want to hurt them.

 <tag> li




DONATE

ACT NOW

Coast Guard Caucus

DISTRICT MAP

Co-Chair of the Military Veterans Caucus

Anti-terrorism Caucus

Mobility Air Forces Caucus

United Services Organization (USO) Caucus

National Guard and Reserve Components Caucus

ISSUES

HOME

CONTACT TEAM BILIRAKIS TODAY!

NEWS

MEET GUS


Number of links (dup removed)5

All links:
{'https://bilirakisforcongress.com/about-gus/', 'https://bilirakisforcongress.com/', 'https://bilirakisforcongress.com/act-now/', 'https://bilirakisforcongress.com/news/', 'https://bilirakisforcongress.com/issues/'}