Candidate: AQUINO, DARREN DIONE MR.
Result:

=====LINK SOURCE: https://aquino4congress.com/=====

 <tag> h2




First Responders & Veterans 4 Aquino.

Our Home.

© Copyright 2020 | All Rights Reserved | Privacy & Terms |

Join Our Movement!

Families!

Join the fight.

Putting District 19

FIRST!

Help us fulfill our promise to Keep Florida Great!

Meet Darren.

Priorities

Help Aquino Fight For Your District.

FIGHTING FOR OUR

 <tag> h3




Pro-America

Pro-Life

Law and Order

Fighting for the Forgotten

 <tag> strong




No longer, when I’m into congress, will you ever feel like you aren’t being heard.

District 19 is our home and I intend to protect it.

When I’m into congress, no longer will you ever feel like you aren’t being heard.

Darren is a Puerto-Rican, Italian American who began advocating for the disabled in 1983. Darren developed this national non-profit in 1999, with a unique concept: all members and volunteers are disabled. This comprehensive network of members and volunteers assist the disabled community with any and all issues related to the lack of societal integration, lack of due process–which is fundamental right–and lack of fair and equal treatment.

honorable men and women

 <tag> p




I see the issues that our elected officials aren’t fixing, I hear your voices. When I’m into congress, no longer will you ever feel like you aren’t being heard. We will have quarterly meetings with the residents of district 19 so I can hear your issues and solutions to fix those issues. I will then bring these issues and solutions to Washington D.C. with intent to get them fixed. District 19 is our home and I intend to protect it.

Darren Aquino is the founder and CEO of Advocates for Disabled Americans, Veterans, Police, Firemen & Families (ADA VETs). Darren is a Puerto-Rican, Italian American who began advocating for the disabled in 1983. Darren developed this national non-profit in 1999, with a unique concept: all members and volunteers are disabled. This comprehensive network of members and volunteers assist the disabled community with any and all issues related to the lack of societal integration, lack of due process–which is fundamental right–and lack of fair and equal treatment.

“I will always be available to the community of the district; the needs of the district will always come first!”

First responders are a blessing to this great district. And yet, they mostly treated unfairly or with disrespect just trying to do their jobs and keep our district safe. What’s more, the honorable men and women who have defended our country with honor and courage, come home, and it is not a warm welcome. Their needs are not recognized. Aquino will fight for them, and make sure they are treated as heroes and honor them, working together, making this district great again.

I see the issues that our elected officials aren’t fixing, I hear your voices. No longer, when I’m into congress, will you ever feel like you aren’t being heard. We will have quarterly meetings with the residents of district 19 so I can hear your issues and solutions to fix those issues. I will then bring these issues to Washington D.C. with intent to get them fixed. District 19 is our home and I intend to protect it.

– Darren Aquino

 <tag> span




I see the issues that our elected officials aren’t fixing, I hear your voices. When I’m into congress, no longer will you ever feel like you aren’t being heard. We will have quarterly meetings with the residents of district 19 so I can hear your issues and solutions to fix those issues. I will then bring these issues and solutions to Washington D.C. with intent to get them fixed. District 19 is our home and I intend to protect it.

Darren Aquino is the founder and CEO of Advocates for Disabled Americans, Veterans, Police, Firemen & Families (ADA VETs). Darren is a Puerto-Rican, Italian American who began advocating for the disabled in 1983. Darren developed this national non-profit in 1999, with a unique concept: all members and volunteers are disabled. This comprehensive network of members and volunteers assist the disabled community with any and all issues related to the lack of societal integration, lack of due process–which is fundamental right–and lack of fair and equal treatment.

Menu

I see the issues that our elected officials aren’t fixing, I hear your voices. No longer, when I’m into congress, will you ever feel like you aren’t being heard. We will have quarterly meetings with the residents of district 19 so I can hear your issues and solutions to fix those issues. I will then bring these issues to Washington D.C. with intent to get them fixed. District 19 is our home and I intend to protect it.

SIGN UP


Number of links (dup removed)1

All links:
{'https://aquino4congress.com/'}