Candidate: MCLAUGHLIN, CHRISTY
Result:

=====LINK SOURCE: http://christyforcongress.com/=====

 <tag> h2


Debates

Please watch my interview with Stephanie Myers on OAN

Cape Coal Women's Club

Please watch my interview on Newsmax

Issues

Meet Christy

Join Team Christy

Lee Republican Women's Federated Club Debate

 <tag> h3




Pro-Veterans

Right to Assemble/ Right to free exercise of religion

Foreign Policy

Social Media Freedom of Speech

Christy McLaughlin is a Southwest Florida ORIGINAL.

Videos

Immigration

Christy McLaughlin supports all of President Trump’s agenda.

Education

Christy McLaughlin rejects identity politics.

Social Security

Drain the Swamp

Florida Water Quality and Restoration

Right to bear arms

Birth Right Citizenship

Gallery

Christy McLaughlin is a leader for the new millennium.

Florida State’s Rights

America First

Campus Freedom of Speech

Healthcare

The Right to the Pursuit of Happiness

Student Debt

God Bless America

Anti-Socialism

Right to Life for the Unborn

My Pledge to You...

 <tag> p




FREEDOM is not free.

Copyright Christy for Congress. All Rights Reserved.

Paid for by Christy for Congress. 11216 Tamiami Trail North Suite 131 Naples, FL 34110 Phone: (239) 330-2475 Email: christy@christyforcongress.com Facebook Twitter

"At the bedrock of our politics will be a total allegiance to the United States of America, and through our loyalty to our country, we will rediscover our loyalty to each other. When you open your heart to patriotism, there is no room for prejudice." - Donald Trump

Christy McLaughlin is a rare combination of genuine conservative values and true grit. Although she is the youngest candidate in the country running for Congress, she has already amassed a notable resume. A lawyer, a Florida certified teacher and a Republican community activist, Christy has served her SW Florida community all her adult life. She entered the FL-19 Congressional race because she believes that the nation cannot afford to elect another weak politician who will betray founding principles such as preserving the Constitution and the protection of individual rights. As a strict Constitutionalist, Christy intends to lend unwavering support to President Trump and fight the anarchist and socialists that seek to destroy America. If elected, Christy’s win will be historic. Not only will she be the youngest women elected to Congress ever, she will also be the first woman, Latina, native-born elected from SW Florida. She will also be the only Republican woman in the Florida delegation sent to Congress in the past four years promoting the concept that the Republican Party welcomes women. For more detailed information visit Christyforcongress.com.

God given rights and individual freedoms are the foundation of this nation. We are endowed by our creator with the capacity for self-determination and self-responsibility. The COVID pandemic has shown us how easily government overreach strips us of our constitutional rights. The hijacking of our cities by anarchists like ANTIFA has shown us that the leftists will stop at nothing to destroy America. I am devoted to maintaining the principles rooted in the U.S. Constitution. Allegiance to the Constitution is paramount to my concept of smaller, less intrusive government. As your Congresswoman, I will not allow the socialists and the weak R.I.N.O.s to dismantle the greatest nation in the history of humanity.

SW Florida is my home and you are my family. CD-19 deserves a representative with integrity, honesty and selflessness. Politics is wrought with special interest groups trading money for access and influence. You can’t “Drain the Swamp” if you are paid by the swamp. S.W. Florida residents need a representative that will place their interests above the interests of the lobbyists. I am not a professional politician. My only interest is to serve and protect the interests of Southwest Florida. My pledge to you is:

 <tag> li




I pledge to never bring scandal or shame to Congressional District-19.

I pledge to always place the interests of the people of CD-19 ahead of my own.

Attend and staff events for Team Christy.

Reach out to your network of friends and colleagues for Team Christy.

Send a message to Christy about what issues matter to you.

Say a prayer for coronavirus victims.

Tag Christy on Facebook

Say a prayer for Team Christy.

I pledge to never be a R.I.N.O.

Volunteer for phone banking.

Join Team Christy

Hand out or forward literature for Team Christy.

Volunteer for web or graphic design.

Follow Christy on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram

Hold a sign at polling places.

Become a social media ambassador.

I pledge to never accept any donations from lobbyist, P.A.C. or special interests of any kind, ever.

Send a charitable donation to a foodbank or a homeless shelter.

Volunteer to do video production.

Host a private event in person or through social media.

I pledge to never place your congressional seat for sale.

Say a prayer for U.S.A.

I pledge to bring transparency and accessibility to your Congressional seat.

Walk parades with Team Christy.

 <tag> span


YouTube.com - October 29, 2019 by Christy McLaughlin



‹

NBC-2.com Wednesday, March 11th 2020, 3:35 PM EDT by Dave Elias

›

The Washington Times - Alex Swoyer - Sunday, March 15, 2020

FloridaPolitics.com - Jacob Ogles - Saturday, March 14, 202

The Washington Times - Wednesday, March 25, 2020 by Alex Swoyer and Ryan Lovelace


Number of links (dup removed)1

All links:
{'http://christyforcongress.com/'}