Candidate: NUCKOLLS, HADEN ASHER
Result:gle.com/signin/v2/identifier?passive=1209600&continue=https%3A%2F%2Fsites.google.com%2Fview%2Fashernuckolls&followup=https%3A%2F%2Fsites.google.com%2Fview%2Fashernuckolls&flowName=GlifWebSignIn&flowEntry=ServiceLogin=====

 <tag> h1


Sign in

 <tag> li


Help

Terms

Privacy

 <tag> span




Sign in

Email or phone Forgot email?

Not your computer? Use Guest mode to sign in privately. Learn more

Use your Google Account

Next

Create account

‪English (United States)‬


=====LINK SOURCE: https://policies.google.com/terms?gl=US&hl=en=====

 <tag> h1




Using Google services

In case of problems or disagreements

Your relationship with Google

Content in Google services

Software in Google services

About these terms

GOOGLE TERMS OF SERVICE

 <tag> h2




Service provider

Other content

Google content

Using Google services on behalf of an organization

Disclaimers

Liabilities

Taking action in case of problems

License

Warranty

What you can expect from us

Age requirements

Service-related communications

Settling disputes, governing law, and courts

What we expect from you

Your Google Account

Your content

What’s covered in these terms

 <tag> h3




Improve Google services

What’s covered

What’s not covered

Rights

For business users and organizations only

Follow these terms and service-specific additional terms

Duration

For all users

Suspending or terminating your access to Google services

Permission to use your content

We know it’s tempting to skip these Terms of Service, but it’s important to establish what you can expect from us as you use Google services, and what we expect from you.

Removing your content

Respect others

Purpose

Provide a broad range of useful services

Scope

 <tag> p




Effective March 31, 2020 | Archived versions | Download PDF

These terms only limit our responsibilities as allowed by applicable law. Specifically, these terms don’t limit Google’s liability for death or personal injury, fraud, fraudulent misrepresentation, gross negligence, or willful misconduct.

Other than the rights and responsibilities described in this section (In case of problems or disagreements), Google won’t be responsible for any other losses, unless they’re caused by our breach of these terms or service-specific additional terms.

Besides these terms, we also publish a Privacy Policy. Although it’s not part of these terms, we encourage you to read it to better understand how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.

We provide our services using reasonable skill and care. If we don’t meet the quality level described in this warranty, you agree to tell us and we’ll work with you to try to resolve the issue.

If we reasonably believe that any of your content (1) breaches these terms, service-specific additional terms or policies, (2) violates applicable law, or (3) could harm our users, third parties, or Google, then we reserve the right to take down some or all of that content in accordance with applicable law. Examples include child pornography, content that facilitates human trafficking or harassment, and content that infringes someone else’s intellectual property rights.

This license covers your content if that content is protected by intellectual property rights.

California law will govern all disputes arising out of or relating to these terms, service-specific additional terms, or any related services, regardless of conflict of laws rules. These disputes will be resolved exclusively in the federal or state courts of Santa Clara County, California, USA, and you and Google consent to personal jurisdiction in those courts.

Understanding these terms is important because, by using our services, you’re agreeing to these terms.

If you’re under the age required to manage your own Google Account, you must have your parent or legal guardian’s permission to use a Google Account. Please have your parent or legal guardian read these terms with you.

Of course, you’re always free to stop using our services at any time. If you do stop using a service, we’d appreciate knowing why so that we can continue improving our services.

Google services are provided by, and you’re contracting with:

The only commitments we make about our services (including the content in the services, the specific functions of our services, or their reliability, availability, or ability to meet your needs) are (1) described in the Warranty section, (2) stated in the service-specific additional terms, or (3) provided under applicable laws. We don’t make any other commitments about our services.

By law, you have the right to (1) a certain quality of service, and (2) ways to fix problems if things go wrong. These terms don’t limit or take away any of those rights. For example, if you’re a consumer, then you continue to enjoy all legal rights granted to consumers under applicable law.

We want to make these terms easy to understand, so we’ve used examples from our services. But not all services mentioned may be available in your country.

If you’re a parent or legal guardian, and you allow your child to use the services, then these terms apply to you and you’re responsible for your child’s activity on the services.

Some of our services include downloadable software. We give you permission to use that software as part of the services.

If these terms conflict with the service-specific additional terms, the additional terms will govern for that service.

Your content remains yours, which means that you retain any intellectual property rights that you have in your content. For example, you have intellectual property rights in the creative content you make, such as reviews you write. Or you may have the right to share someone else’s creative content if they’ve given you their permission.

To the extent that applicable local law prevents certain disputes from being resolved in a California court, then you can file those disputes in your local courts. Likewise, if applicable local law prevents your local court from applying California law to resolve these disputes, then these disputes will be governed by the applicable local laws of your country, state, or other place of residence.

You’re responsible for what you do with your Google Account, including taking reasonable steps to keep your Google Account secure, and we encourage you to regularly use the Security Checkup.

If you choose to give us feedback, such as suggestions to improve our services, we may act on your feedback without obligation to you.

Google reserves the right to suspend or terminate your access to the services or delete your Google Account if any of these things happen:

These terms describe the relationship between you and Google. They don’t create any legal rights for other people or organizations, even if others benefit from that relationship under these terms.

To provide you with our services, we sometimes send you service announcements and other information. To learn more about how we communicate with you, see Google’s Privacy Policy.

We need your permission if your intellectual property rights restrict our use of your content. You provide Google with that permission through this license.

This license is for the limited purpose of:

If we make material changes that negatively impact your use of our services or if we stop offering a service, we’ll provide you with reasonable advance notice and an opportunity to export your content from your Google Account using Google Takeout, except in urgent situations such as preventing abuse, responding to legal requirements, or addressing security and operability issues.

If we materially change these terms or service-specific additional terms, we’ll provide you with reasonable advance notice and the opportunity to review the changes, except (1) when we launch a new service or feature, or (2) in urgent situations, such as preventing ongoing abuse or responding to legal requirements. If you don’t agree to the new terms, you should remove your content and stop using the services. You can also end your relationship with us at any time by closing your Google Account.

If you’re a business user or organization, then to the extent allowed by applicable law:

And unless required by law, we don’t provide implied warranties, such as the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.

We also make various policies, help centers, and other resources available to you to answer common questions and to set expectations about using our services. These resources include our Privacy Policy, Copyright Help Center, Safety Center, and other pages accessible from our policies site.

If you meet these age requirements you can create a Google Account for your convenience. Some services require that you have a Google Account in order to work — for example, to use Gmail, you need a Google Account so that you have a place to send and receive your email.

Some of our services include content that belongs to Google — for example, many of the visual illustrations you see in Google Maps. You may use Google’s content as allowed by these terms and any service-specific additional terms, but we retain any intellectual property rights that we have in our content. Don’t remove, obscure, or alter any of our branding, logos, or legal notices. If you want to use our branding or logos, please see the Google Brand Permissions page.

If it turns out that a particular term is not valid or enforceable, this will not affect any other terms.

We may update these terms and service-specific additional terms (1) to reflect changes in our services or how we do business — for example, when we add new services, features, technologies, pricing, or benefits (or remove old ones), (2) for legal, regulatory, or security reasons, or (3) to prevent abuse or harm.

If you don’t follow these terms or the service-specific additional terms, and we don’t take action right away, that doesn’t mean we’re giving up any rights that we may have, such as taking action in the future.

If you think someone is infringing your intellectual property rights, you can send us notice of the infringement and we’ll take appropriate action. For example, we suspend or close the Google Accounts of repeat copyright infringers as described in our Copyright Help Center.

By law, you have certain rights that can’t be limited by a contract like these terms of service. These terms are in no way intended to restrict those rights.

These Terms of Service reflect the way Google’s business works, the laws that apply to our company, and certain things we’ve always believed to be true. As a result, these Terms of Service help define Google’s relationship with you as you interact with our services. For example, these terms include the following topic headings:

Country version: United States

These terms help define the relationship between you and Google. Broadly speaking, we give you permission to use our services if you agree to follow these terms, which reflect how Google’s business works and how we earn money. When we speak of “Google,” “we,” “us,” and “our,” we mean Google LLC and its affiliates.

Our service-specific additional terms and policies provide additional details about appropriate conduct that everyone using those services must follow. If you find that others aren’t following these rules, many of our services allow you to report abuse. If we act on a report of abuse, we also provide a fair process as described in the Taking action in case of problems section.

For information about how to contact Google, please visit our contact page.

This license allows Google to:

If you’re legally exempt from certain responsibilities, including indemnification, then those responsibilities don’t apply to you under these terms. For example, the United Nations enjoys certain immunities from legal obligations and these terms don’t override those immunities.

Some of our services give you the opportunity to make your content publicly available — for example, you might post a product or restaurant review that you wrote, or you might upload a blog post that you created.

Finally, some of our services give you access to content that belongs to other people or organizations — for example, a store owner’s description of their own business, or a newspaper article displayed in Google News. You may not use this content without that person or organization’s permission, or as otherwise allowed by law. The views expressed in other people or organizations’ content are theirs, and don’t necessarily reflect Google’s views.

Some of our services include software that’s offered under open source license terms that we make available to you. Sometimes there are provisions in the open source license that explicitly override parts of these terms, so please be sure to read those licenses.

If you believe your Google Account has been suspended or terminated in error, you can appeal.

Our services are designed to work together, making it easier for you to move from one activity to the next. For example, Maps can remind you to leave for an appointment that appears in your Google Calendar.

Although we give you permission to use our services, we retain any intellectual property rights we have in the services.

Some of our services are designed to let you upload, submit, store, send, receive, or share your content. You have no obligation to provide any content to our services and you’re free to choose the content that you want to provide. If you choose to upload or share content, please make sure you have the necessary rights to do so and that the content is lawful.

This license lasts for as long as your content is protected by intellectual property rights.

Before taking action as described below, we’ll provide you with advance notice when reasonably possible, describe the reason for our action, and give you an opportunity to fix the problem, unless we reasonably believe that doing so would:

Google LLC organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, USA, and operating under the laws of the USA 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway Mountain View, California 94043 USA

If you remove from our services any content that’s covered by this license, then our systems will stop making that content publicly available in a reasonable amount of time. There are two exceptions:

When a service requires or includes downloadable software, that software sometimes updates automatically on your device once a new version or feature is available. Some services let you adjust your automatic update settings.

You may not copy, modify, distribute, sell, or lease any part of our services or software. Also, you may not reverse engineer or attempt to extract any of our source code unless you have our written permission or applicable law lets you do so.

We’re constantly developing new technologies and features to improve our services. For example, we invest in artificial intelligence that uses machine learning to detect and block spam and malware, and to provide you with innovative features, like simultaneous translations. As part of this continual improvement, we sometimes add or remove features and functionalities, increase or decrease limits to our services, and start offering new services or stop offering old ones.

Some Google services have additional age requirements as described in their service-specific additional terms and policies.

 <tag> li




apps and sites (like Search and Maps)

If you already shared your content with others before removing it. For example, if you shared a photo with a friend who then made a copy of it, or shared it again, then that photo may continue to appear in your friend’s Google Account even after you remove it from your Google Account.

Using Google services

worldwide, which means it’s valid anywhere in the world

we reasonably believe that your conduct causes harm or liability to a user, third party, or Google — for example, by hacking, phishing, harassing, spamming, misleading others, or scraping content that doesn’t belong to you

Technologies

don’t abuse or harm others or yourself (or threaten or encourage such abuse or harm) — for example, by misleading, defrauding, defaming, bullying, harassing, or stalking others

Content in Google services, which describes the intellectual property rights to the content you find in our services — whether that content belongs to you, Google, or others

compromise the operation, integrity, or security of our services

we’re required to do so to comply with a legal requirement or a court order

Google

Overview

You’ll indemnify Google and its directors, officers, employees, and contractors for any third-party legal proceedings (including actions by government authorities) arising out of or relating to your unlawful use of the services or violation of these terms or service-specific additional terms. This indemnity covers any liability or expense arising from claims, losses, damages, judgments, fines, litigation costs, and legal fees.

violate the law or a legal enforcement authority’s order

Terms

loss of profits, revenues, business opportunities, goodwill, or anticipated savings

About these terms

FAQ

using content you’ve shared publicly to promote the services. For example, to promote a Google app, we might quote a review you wrote. Or to promote Google Play, we might show a screenshot of the app you offer in the Play Store.

Privacy Policy

punitive damages

Introduction

comply with applicable laws, including export control, sanctions, and human trafficking laws

Updates

integrated services (like Maps embedded in other companies’ apps or sites)

don’t abuse, harm, interfere with, or disrupt the services

platforms (like Google Play)

service-specific additional terms, which could, for example, include things like additional age requirements

Definitions

to recognize patterns in data, such as determining when to suggest a new album in Google Photos to keep related photos together

Privacy

Content in Google services

developing new technologies and services for Google consistent with these terms

Software in Google services

What you can expect from us, which describes how we provide and develop our services

royalty-free, which means there are no fees for this license

modify and create derivative works based on your content, such as reformatting or translating it

operating and improving the services, which means allowing the services to work as designed and creating new features and functionalities. This includes using automated systems and algorithms to analyze your content: for spam, malware, and illegal content to recognize patterns in data, such as determining when to suggest a new album in Google Photos to keep related photos together to customize our services for you, such as providing recommendations and personalized search results, content, and ads (which you can change or turn off in Ads Settings) This analysis occurs as the content is sent, received, and when it is stored.

feedback that you offer, such as suggestions to improve our services. Feedback is covered in the Service-related communications section below.

publish, publicly perform, or publicly display your content, if you’ve made it visible to others

compromise an investigation

If you make your content available through other companies’ services, it’s possible that search engines, including Google Search, will continue to find and display your content as part of their search results.

List of services & service-specific additional terms

In case of problems or disagreements, which describes other legal rights you have, and what to expect in case someone violates these terms

In case of problems or disagreements

About Google

other users to allow the services to work as designed, such as enabling you to share photos with people you choose

an authorized representative of that organization must agree to these terms

our contractors who’ve signed agreements with us that are consistent with these terms, only for the limited purposes described in the Purpose section below

What we expect from you, which establishes certain rules for using our services

devices (like Google Home)

Google’s total liability arising out of or relating to these terms is limited to the greater of (1) US$500 or (2) 125% of the fees that you paid to use the relevant services in the 12 months before the breach

This license doesn’t affect your privacy rights — it’s only about your intellectual property rights

How Google handles government requests for user information

indirect or consequential loss

Terms of Service

for spam, malware, and illegal content

your organization’s administrator may assign a Google Account to you. That administrator might require you to follow additional rules and may be able to access or disable your Google Account.

non-assignable, which means you’re not allowed to assign the license to anyone else

host, reproduce, distribute, communicate, and use your content — for example, to save your content on our systems and make it accessible from anywhere you go

respect the rights of others, including privacy and intellectual property rights

See the Permission to use your content section for more about your rights in your content, and how your content is used in our services

you materially or repeatedly breach these terms, service-specific additional terms or policies

Your relationship with Google

these terms

This license doesn’t cover these types of content: publicly-available factual information that you provide, such as corrections to the address of a local business. That information doesn’t require a license because it’s considered common knowledge that everyone’s free to use. feedback that you offer, such as suggestions to improve our services. Feedback is covered in the Service-related communications section below.

Google won’t be responsible for the following liabilities:

non-exclusive, which means that we can license the software to others

See the Removing your content section to learn why and how we might remove user-generated content from our services

cause harm or liability to a user, third party, or Google

publicly-available factual information that you provide, such as corrections to the address of a local business. That information doesn’t require a license because it’s considered common knowledge that everyone’s free to use.

sublicense these rights to:

Introduction Your relationship with Google Using Google services Content in Google services Software in Google services In case of problems or disagreements About these terms

non-exclusive, which means you can license your content to others

to customize our services for you, such as providing recommendations and personalized search results, content, and ads (which you can change or turn off in Ads Settings)

personal, which means it doesn’t extend to anyone else

 <tag> span




Privacy & Terms

|

| Download PDF


=====LINK SOURCE: https://policies.google.com/privacy?gl=US&hl=en=====

 <tag> h1




INFORMATION GOOGLE COLLECTS

RETAINING YOUR INFORMATION

EXPORTING & DELETING YOUR INFORMATION

COMPLIANCE & COOPERATION WITH REGULATORS

RELATED PRIVACY PRACTICES

ABOUT THIS POLICY

SHARING YOUR INFORMATION

WHY GOOGLE COLLECTS DATA

KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION SECURE

GOOGLE PRIVACY POLICY

YOUR PRIVACY CONTROLS

 <tag> h2




Data transfers

Specific Google services

Information we collect as you use our services

When Google shares your information

When this policy applies

Exporting, removing & deleting your information

Things you create or provide to us

California requirements

Changes to this policy

When you share your information

Other useful resources

Managing, reviewing, and updating your information

 <tag> h3




Develop new services

Google Dashboard

With domain administrators

Measure performance

Provide our services

For legal reasons

With your consent

Your apps, browsers & devices

For external processing

Ad settings

Your activity

Your personal information

About you

Privacy controls

Categories of personal information we collect

Communicate with you

Maintain & improve our services

Parties with whom information may be shared

Your location information

Shared endorsements

My Activity

Protect Google, our users, and the public

Provide personalized services, including content and ads

Activity Controls

Business purposes for which information may be used or disclosed

Ways to review & update your information

 <tag> p




We build a range of services that help millions of people daily to explore and interact with the world in new ways. Our services include:

Choose whether your name and photo appear next to your activity, like reviews and recommendations, that appear in ads.

Identifiers such as your name, phone number, and address, as well as unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using.

The following privacy notices provide additional information about some Google services:

In some circumstances, Google also collects information about you from publicly accessible sources. For example, if your name appears in your local newspaper, Google’s Search engine may index that article and display it to other people if they search for your name. We may also collect information about you from trusted partners, including marketing partners who provide us with information about potential customers of our business services, and security partners who provide us with information to protect against abuse. We also receive information from advertisers to provide advertising and research services on their behalf.

We may combine the information we collect among our services and across your devices for the purposes described above. For example, if you watch videos of guitar players on YouTube, you might see an ad for guitar lessons on a site that uses our ad products. Depending on your account settings, your activity on other sites and apps may be associated with your personal information in order to improve Google’s services and the ads delivered by Google.

Go to My Activity

Law enforcement or other third parties, for the legal reasons described in Sharing your information.

Decide what types of activity you’d like saved in your account. For example, you can turn on Location History if you want traffic predictions for your daily commute, or you can save your YouTube Watch History to get better video suggestions.

When you delete data, we follow a deletion process to make sure that your data is safely and completely removed from our servers or retained only in anonymized form. We try to ensure that our services protect information from accidental or malicious deletion. Because of this, there may be delays between when you delete something and when copies are deleted from our active and backup systems.

We use the information we collect to customize our services for you, including providing recommendations, personalized content, and customized search results. For example, Security Checkup provides security tips adapted to how you use Google products. And Google Play uses information like apps you’ve already installed and videos you’ve watched on YouTube to suggest new apps you might like.

Privacy Checkup

We collect information about the apps, browsers, and devices you use to access Google services, which helps us provide features like automatic product updates and dimming your screen if your battery runs low.

We use various technologies to collect and store information, including cookies, pixel tags, local storage, such as browser web storage or application data caches, databases, and server logs.

When you’re signed in, you can always review and update information by visiting the services you use. For example, Photos and Drive are both designed to help you manage specific types of content you’ve saved with Google.

The following links highlight useful resources for you to learn more about our practices and privacy settings.

If you’re a student or work for an organization that uses Google services, your domain administrator and resellers who manage your account will have access to your Google Account. They may be able to:

Go to Shared Endorsements

We provide personal information to our affiliates and other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we use service providers to help us with customer support.

Delete your information

Legal reasons: Google also uses information to satisfy applicable laws or regulations, and discloses information in response to legal process or enforceable government requests, including to law enforcement. We provide information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report.

We retain the data we collect for different periods of time depending on what it is, how we use it, and how you configure your settings:

We collect information to provide better services to all our users — from figuring out basic stuff like which language you speak, to more complex things like which ads you’ll find most useful, the people who matter most to you online, or which YouTube videos you might like. The information Google collects, and how that information is used, depends on how you use our services and how you manage your privacy controls.

You can export a copy of your information or delete it from your Google Account at any time

This Privacy Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can update, manage, export, and delete your information.

You have choices regarding the information we collect and how it's used

We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners — like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. For example, we share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. We also allow specific partners to collect information from your browser or device for advertising and measurement purposes using their own cookies or similar technologies.

Biometric information if you choose to provide it, such as fingerprints in Google’s product development studies.

We use data to build better services

Go to Dashboard

We use the information we collect from all our services for the following purposes:

We use information we collect, like your email address, to interact with you directly. For example, we may send you a notification if we detect suspicious activity, like an attempt to sign in to your Google Account from an unusual location. Or we may let you know about upcoming changes or improvements to our services. And if you contact Google, we’ll keep a record of your request in order to help solve any issues you might be facing.

When you’re not signed in to a Google Account, we store the information we collect with unique identifiers tied to the browser, application, or device you’re using. This helps us do things like maintain your language preferences across browsing sessions.

We use your information to deliver our services, like processing the terms you search for in order to return results or helping you share content by suggesting recipients from your contacts.

Inferences drawn from the above, like your ads interest categories.

Go to Activity Controls

We describe the choices you have to manage your privacy and data across Google’s services in Your privacy controls. You can exercise your rights by using these controls, which allow you to access, review, update and delete your information, as well as export and download a copy of it. When you use them, we’ll validate your request by verifying that you’re signed in to your Google Account. If you have questions or requests related to your rights under the CCPA, you (or your authorized agent) can also contact Google.

Depending on your settings, we may also show you personalized ads based on your interests. For example, if you search for “mountain bikes,” you may see an ad for sports equipment when you’re browsing a site that shows ads served by Google. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings.

This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to:

Take the Privacy Checkup

Many of our services let you share information with other people, and you have control over how you share. For example, you can share videos on YouTube publicly or you can decide to keep your videos private. Remember, when you share information publicly, your content may become accessible through search engines, including Google Search.

Go to Personal Info

We’ll ask for your consent before using your information for a purpose that isn’t covered in this Privacy Policy.

Other people with whom you choose to share your information, like docs or photos, and videos or comments on YouTube.

To delete your information, you can:

We build security into our services to protect your information

Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.

You can use our services in a variety of ways to manage your privacy. For example, you can sign up for a Google Account if you want to create and manage content like emails and photos, or see more relevant search results. And you can use many Google services when you’re signed out or without creating an account at all, like searching on Google or watching YouTube videos. You can also choose to browse the web privately using Chrome in Incognito mode. And across our services, you can adjust your privacy settings to control what we collect and how your information is used.

All Google products are built with strong security features that continuously protect your information. The insights we gain from maintaining our services help us detect and automatically block security threats from ever reaching you. And if we do detect something risky that we think you should know about, we’ll notify you and help guide you through steps to stay better protected.

Professional, employment, and education information, such as information you provide or that is maintained through an organization using Google services at which you study or work.

This section describes key controls for managing your privacy across our services. You can also visit the Privacy Checkup, which provides an opportunity to review and adjust important privacy settings. In addition to these tools, we also offer specific privacy settings in our products — you can learn more in our Product Privacy Guide.

We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations, or individuals outside of Google except in the following cases:

We collect information about your location when you use our services, which helps us offer features like driving directions for your weekend getaway or showtimes for movies playing near you.

There are other ways to control the information Google collects whether or not you’re signed in to a Google Account, including:

We work hard to protect you and Google from unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure, or destruction of information we hold, including:

Go to About You

We use data for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used. For example, we analyze data about your visits to our sites to do things like optimize product design. And we also use data about the ads you interact with to help advertisers understand the performance of their ad campaigns. We use a variety of tools to do this, including Google Analytics. When you visit sites that use Google Analytics, a Google Analytics customer may choose to enable Google to link information about your activity from that site with activity from other sites that use our ad services.

Research and development: Google uses information to improve our services and to develop new products, features and technologies that benefit our users and the public. For example, we use publicly available information to help train Google’s language models and build features like Google Translate.

And finally, Inactive Account Manager allows you to give someone else access to parts of your Google Account in case you’re unexpectedly unable to use your account.

If you use our services to make and receive calls or send and receive messages, we may collect call and message log information like your phone number, calling-party number, receiving-party number, forwarding numbers, sender and recipient email address, time and date of calls and messages, duration of calls, routing information, and types and volumes of calls and messages.

The types of location data we collect depend in part on your device and account settings. For example, you can turn your Android device’s location on or off using the device’s settings app. You can also turn on Location History if you want to create a private map of where you go with your signed-in devices.

This Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by Google LLC and its affiliates, including YouTube, Android, and services offered on third-party sites, such as advertising services. This Privacy Policy doesn’t apply to services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy.

When you’re signed out, you can manage information associated with your browser or device, including:

You can export a copy of content in your Google Account if you want to back it up or use it with a service outside of Google.

We also built a place for you to review and control information saved in your Google Account. Your Google Account includes:

Go to Google Account

When we receive formal written complaints, we respond by contacting the person who made the complaint. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of your data that we cannot resolve with you directly.

Manage your contact information, such as your name, email, and phone number.

The CCPA requires a description of data practices using specific categories. This table uses these categories to organize the information in this Privacy Policy.

You can also request to remove content from specific Google services based on applicable law.

Control what others see about you across Google services.

We want you to understand the types of information we collect as you use our services

Go to Privacy Checkup

We use different technologies to process your information for these purposes. We use automated systems that analyze your content to provide you with things like customized search results, personalized ads, or other features tailored to how you use our services. And we analyze your content to help us detect abuse such as spam, malware, and illegal content. We also use algorithms to recognize patterns in data. For example, Google Translate helps people communicate across languages by detecting common language patterns in phrases you ask it to translate.

Protecting against security threats, abuse, and illegal activity: Google uses and may disclose information to detect, prevent and respond to security incidents, and for protecting against other malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity. For example, to protect our services, Google may receive or disclose information about IP addresses that malicious actors have compromised.

This Privacy Policy is designed to help you understand how Google handles your information:

Auditing and measurement: Google uses information for analytics and measurement to understand how our services are used, as well as to fulfill obligations to our partners like publishers, advertisers, developers, or rights holders. We may disclose non-personally identifiable information publicly and with these partners, including for auditing purposes.

Audio, electronic, visual and similar information, such as voice and audio information when you use audio features.

We use the information we collect in existing services to help us develop new ones. For example, understanding how people organized their photos in Picasa, Google’s first photos app, helped us design and launch Google Photos.

Maintaining our services: Google uses information to ensure our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting bugs and other issues that you report to us.

The information we collect includes unique identifiers, browser type and settings, device type and settings, operating system, mobile network information including carrier name and phone number, and application version number. We also collect information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services, including IP address, crash reports, system activity, and the date, time, and referrer URL of your request.

We change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. We always indicate the date the last changes were published and we offer access to archived versions for your review. If changes are significant, we’ll provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Privacy Policy changes).

We also use your information to ensure our services are working as intended, such as tracking outages or troubleshooting issues that you report to us. And we use your information to make improvements to our services — for example, understanding which search terms are most frequently misspelled helps us improve spell-check features used across our services.

Your location can be determined with varying degrees of accuracy by:

Use of service providers: Google shares information with service providers to perform services on our behalf, in compliance with our Privacy Policy and other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. For example, we may rely on service providers to help provide customer support.

Geolocation data, such as may be determined by GPS, IP address, and other data from sensors on or around your device, depending in part on your device and account settings. Learn more about Google’s use of location information.

We maintain servers around the world and your information may be processed on servers located outside of the country where you live. Data protection laws vary among countries, with some providing more protection than others. Regardless of where your information is processed, we apply the same protections described in this policy. We also comply with certain legal frameworks relating to the transfer of data.

Export your data

If other users already have your email address or other information that identifies you, we may show them your publicly visible Google Account information, such as your name and photo. This helps people identify an email coming from you, for example.

When you’re signed in and interact with some Google services, like leaving comments on a YouTube video or reviewing an app in Play, your name and photo appear next to your activity. We may also display this information in ads depending on your Shared endorsements setting.

We regularly review this Privacy Policy and make sure that we process your information in ways that comply with it.

Looking to change your privacy settings?

When you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. We understand this is a big responsibility and work hard to protect your information and put you in control.

If you’re a member of an organization that uses Google Workspace or Google Cloud Platform, learn how these services collect and use your personal information in the Google Cloud Privacy Notice.

If Google is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of assets, we’ll continue to ensure the confidentiality of your personal information and give affected users notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

Go to Ad Settings

Third parties to whom you consent to sharing your information, such as services that integrate with Google’s services. You can review and manage third party apps and sites with access to data in your Google Account.

When you’re signed in, we also collect information that we store with your Google Account, which we treat as personal information.

The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) requires specific disclosures for California residents.

You can read more about Google’s data retention periods, including how long it takes us to delete your information.

Advertising: Google processes information, including online identifiers and information about your interactions with advertisements, to provide advertising. This keeps Google’s services and many of the websites and services you use free of charge. You can control what information we use to show you ads by visiting your ad settings.

Commercial information such as your payment information and a history of purchases you make on Google’s services.

Internet, network, and other activity information such as your search terms; views and interactions with content and ads; Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account; information about the interaction of your apps, browsers, and devices with our services (like IP address, crash reports, and system activity); and activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services. You can review and control activity data stored in your Google Account in My Activity.

Other information you create or provide, such as the content you create, upload, or receive (like photos and videos or emails, docs and spreadsheets). Google Dashboard allows you to manage information associated with specific products.

My Activity allows you to review and control data that’s created when you use Google services, like searches you’ve done or your visits to Google Play. You can browse by date and by topic, and delete part or all of your activity.

Domain administrators, if you work or study at an organization that uses Google services.

You can visit your Google Account to find and manage activity information that’s saved in your account.

We collect information about your activity in our services, which we use to do things like recommend a YouTube video you might like. The activity information we collect may include:

We will share personal information outside of Google if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation, or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:

When you create a Google Account, you provide us with personal information that includes your name and a password. You can also choose to add a phone number or payment information to your account. Even if you aren’t signed in to a Google Account, you might choose to provide us with information — like an email address to receive updates about our services.

We collect this information when a Google service on your device contacts our servers — for example, when you install an app from the Play Store or when a service checks for automatic updates. If you’re using an Android device with Google apps, your device periodically contacts Google servers to provide information about your device and connection to our services. This information includes things like your device type, carrier name, crash reports, and which apps you've installed.

We use information to help improve the safety and reliability of our services. This includes detecting, preventing, and responding to fraud, abuse, security risks, and technical issues that could harm Google, our users, or the public.

We also collect the content you create, upload, or receive from others when using our services. This includes things like email you write and receive, photos and videos you save, docs and spreadsheets you create, and comments you make on YouTube videos.

Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads. You can modify your interests, choose whether your personal information is used to make ads more relevant to you, and turn on or off certain advertising services.

We’ll share personal information outside of Google when we have your consent. For example, if you use Google Home to make a reservation through a booking service, we’ll get your permission before sharing your name or phone number with the restaurant. We’ll ask for your explicit consent to share any sensitive personal information.

The CCPA also provides the right to request information about how Google collects, uses, and discloses your personal information. And it gives you the right to access your information and request that Google delete that information. Finally, the CCPA provides the right to not be discriminated against for exercising your privacy rights.

Demographic information, such as your age, gender and language.

To help explain things as clearly as possible, we’ve added examples, explanatory videos, and definitions for key terms. And if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us.

Service providers, trusted businesses or persons that process information on Google’s behalf, based on our instructions and in compliance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.

 <tag> li




Technologies

We explain how Google uses information in Why Google collects data.

Related privacy practices

Terms

FAQ

Introduction Information Google collects Why Google collects data Your privacy controls Sharing your information Keeping your information secure Exporting & deleting your information Retaining your information Compliance & cooperation with regulators About this policy Related privacy practices

Your privacy controls

How Google uses cookies

Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request. We share information about the number and type of requests we receive from governments in our Transparency Report.

IP address

Ad Settings: Manage your preferences about the ads shown to you on Google and on sites and apps that partner with Google to show ads.

Purchase activity

Signed-out search personalization: Choose whether your search activity is used to offer you more relevant results and recommendations.

We offer a range of security features, like Safe Browsing, Security Checkup, and 2 Step Verification to help you protect your account

About Google

We keep some data until you delete your Google Account, such as information about how often you use our services.

Restrict your ability to delete or edit your information or your privacy settings

Search for and then delete specific items from your account using My Activity

GPS

Google apps, sites, and devices, like Search, YouTube, and Google Home

Why Google collects data

Products that are integrated into third-party apps and sites, like ads and embedded Google Maps

Partners

Terms of Service

Chrome & the Chrome Operating System

Key terms

Enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations.

Google’s safety center helps you learn more about our built-in security, privacy controls, and tools to help set digital ground rules for your family online

Google

People with whom you communicate or share content

Privacy Policy

Sensor data from your device

Information Google collects

Introduction

We review our information collection, storage, and processing practices, including physical security measures, to prevent unauthorized access to our systems

Google Fi

Voice and Audio Collection from Children’s Features on the Google Assistant

Views and interactions with content and ads

The information practices of other companies and organizations that advertise our services

How Google uses pattern recognition to recognize things like faces in photos

Terms you search for

Exporting & deleting your information

Sharing your information

Retaining your information

Protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Google, our users, or the public as required or permitted by law.

Payments

Activity on third-party sites and apps that use our services

We explain when Google may share information in Sharing your information. Google does not sell your personal information.

Overview

Videos you watch

Your Google Account is home to many of the settings you can use to manage your account

Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security, or technical issues.

How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services

Updates

We restrict access to personal information to Google employees, contractors, and agents who need that information in order to process it. Anyone with this access is subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.

Google Accounts Managed with Family Link, for Children under 13 (or applicable age in your country)

Privacy

G Suite for Education

YouTube settings: Pause and delete your YouTube Search History and your YouTube Watch History.

We explain the categories of information Google collects and the sources of that information in Information Google collects.

Delete your content from specific Google services

Receive your account information in order to satisfy applicable law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request

Some data you can delete whenever you like, such as the content you create or upload. You can also delete activity information saved in your account, or choose to have it deleted automatically after a set period of time.

Read Along

And some data we retain for longer periods of time when necessary for legitimate business or legal purposes, such as security, fraud and abuse prevention, or financial record-keeping.

Keeping your information secure

Technologies includes more information about: How Google uses cookies Technologies used for Advertising How Google uses pattern recognition to recognize things like faces in photos How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services

Chrome browsing history you’ve synced with your Google Account

Voice and audio information when you use audio features

Delete specific Google products, including your information associated with those products

YouTube Kids

About this policy

Browser settings: For example, you can configure your browser to indicate when Google has set a cookie in your browser. You can also configure your browser to block all cookies from a specific domain or all domains. But remember that our services rely on cookies to function properly, for things like remembering your language preferences.

Other data is deleted or anonymized automatically after a set period of time, such as advertising data in server logs.

Data transfer frameworks

Change your account password

Technologies used for Advertising

Information about things near your device, such as Wi-Fi access points, cell towers, and Bluetooth-enabled devices

View statistics regarding your account, like how many apps you install

Fiber

Platforms like the Chrome browser and Android operating system

Compliance & cooperation with regulators

Delete your entire Google Account

We use encryption to keep your data private while in transit

We don’t share information that personally identifies you with advertisers, such as your name or email, unless you ask us to. For example, if you see an ad for a nearby flower shop and select the “tap to call” button, we’ll connect your call and may share your phone number with the flower shop.

Device-level settings: Your device may have controls that determine what information we collect. For example, you can modify location settings on your Android device.

Privacy & Terms provides more context regarding this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service

Access and retain information stored in your account, like your email

Services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may include Google services, be displayed to you in search results, or be linked from our services

Privacy Checkup guides you through key privacy settings for your Google Account

We don’t show you personalized ads based on sensitive categories, such as race, religion, sexual orientation, or health.

Suspend or terminate your account access

 <tag> span




Privacy & Terms

|

| Download PDF


=====LINK SOURCE: https://support.google.com/accounts?hl=en#topic=3382296=====

 <tag> h1


How can we help you?

 <tag> h2


Account security

More about Google Accounts

Popular articles

Fix a problem

Account recovery

Account privacy

Manage your Google Account

Protect your account

 <tag> p


Add an extra layer of security to your account

Learn how to stay safe and secure online

 <tag> li




Online safety Learn how to stay safe and secure online

©2021 Google

2-Step Verification Add an extra layer of security to your account

Privacy Policy

Terms of Service

 <tag> span




Google Account

English


Number of links (dup removed)4

All links:
{'https://support.google.com/accounts?hl=en#topic=3382296', 'https://policies.google.com/terms?gl=US&hl=en', 'https://accounts.google.com/signin/v2/identifier?passive=1209600&continue=https%3A%2F%2Fsites.google.com%2Fview%2Fashernuckolls&followup=https%3A%2F%2Fsites.google.com%2Fview%2Fashernuckolls&flowName=GlifWebSignIn&flowEntry=ServiceLogin', 'https://policies.google.com/privacy?gl=US&hl=en'}