Candidate: MCSALLY, MARTHA
Result:sallyforsenate.com/news/=====

 <tag> h2


MEDIA ADVISORY: Senator McSally to visit polling locations on Election Day

Mark Kelly bows to his DC bosses…again

New Ads: “Mark Kelly Will Do Anything For a Buck, Say Anything for a Vote”

AZ Sen. Debate: FACT CHECK – Kelly said he wanted to eliminate fossil fuels

ICYMI: Mark Kelly Silent On His Ties to China

McSally for Senate Launches New Digital Ad “Stronger Than Ever”

McSally the Pragmatist vs. Kelly the Partisan

McSally for Senate Statement on Tonight’s Victory

Happy tax day

Mark Kelly must condemn this despicable rhetoric

AZ Sen. Debate: Mark Kelly couldn’t say how much his health care plan would cost

AZ Republic to Mark Kelly: Stop dodging

Mark raking in cash with Kissin’ Cal

Senator McSally Officially Launches 2020 Campaign, Releases “Inspire” video

Mark & his “cohort of progressives”

We’ve been keeping score

It’s all about his bottom line

Senator McSally Statement Celebrating Hispanic Heritage Month

McSally for Senate Update on Arizona Senate Debates

New Ads: “Vulnerable Patients Were Exploited, Mark Kelly Got Rich”

ICYMI: McSally, Sinema sponsor legislation to strengthen Arizona’s court system

ICYMI: McSally talks Trump visit, border wall, security

MEDIA ADVISORY: Senator McSally to hold Press Conference with National Border Patrol Council

Mark’s racist remarks come back to haunt him

Mark is no longer dodging, he’s lying

“It made me disappointed to be a Democrat”

SCOTUS reveals Mark’s partisan colors

Shhh…you’re saying the quiet part out loud

New Ad: “Mark Kelly’s tax hikes will hurt our economy”

Arizonans deserve answers

McSally for Senate Campaign Challenges Mark Kelly to 7 Debates

Kelly Campaign: Police are “worthless f*cking pigs”

MEDIA ADVISORY: Senator McSally to attend Election Eve Rally in Prescott

Mark Kelly continues to peddle empty health care promises

ICYMI: On guns, Mark’s actions speak louder than words

New Ad: “Martha McSally is taking on large drug companies”

“The more he talks, the less likely he is to win”

Martha is putting in the work

ICYMI: Can McSally Rocket Past Kelly in AZ Senate Race?

The gaslighting is astonishing

McSally for Senate Launches New Ad: “Whitney”

Your move, Mark

New Ads: Arizona’s Choice for a Better Tomorrow

Mark refuses to rule out packing the court

New Ad: “Forged in Fire” by Navy SEAL Eli Crane

New Ad: Scare Tactics

AZ Sen. Debate: FACT CHECK – Ruben Gallego even called Mark’s corporate PAC money pledge hypocritical

AZ Sen. Debate: Counterfeit Kelly’s History of Supporting Radicals

MEDIA ADVISORY: Senator McSally to Hold Press Conference with Law Enforcement

Campaign Memo

McSally for Senate Announces County Campaign Chairs

Choose your fighter

ICYMI: Former Navy Fighter Pilots Endorse Senator Martha McSally

U.S. and Arizona Chambers of Commerce Endorse Senator Martha McSally

AZ Sen. Debate: Mark Kelly is in Schumer’s pocket – $$$ talks

MEDIA ADVISORY: Ambassador Nikki Haley to Campaign with Senator McSally in Maricopa County

McSally for Senate Announces #AZFighter Tour (Updated)

25 Days of Cowering Kelly

ICYMI: Former astronauts endorse Martha McSally, denounce Mark Kelly’s radical agenda

McSally for Senate Launches New TV Ad, “Dianna”

Arizona Police Association Endorses Senator Martha McSally

Senator McSally Announces Over $212k Raised for The Salvation Army’s COVID-19 Relief

This is no longer theoretical

AZ Sen. Debate: Mark Kelly is beholden to China, Martha holds them accountable

New Ad: “Service Before Self”

We have the receipts

McSally for Senate Launches New TV Ad, “Never Trust a Communist”

New Ad – Border Patrol Agent: “Mark Kelly is Too Liberal for Arizona”

Mark Kelly is lying to you, again

MEDIA ADVISORY: Senator McSally to Campaign in Pinal and Maricopa County

National Federation of Independent Business Endorses Senator Martha McSally

NEW report uncovers Mark Kelly was cozier with Chinese communist investors than we thought

Statement of Martha McSally on Dangerous Democratic Idea to Defund Police

Never meet your “heroes”…

MEDIA ADVISORY: Senator McSally to Campaign with Senator Marsha Blackburn in Maricopa County

ICYMI: Senator McSally on Spicer & Co.

New Ad: “Your Fighter”

15 Days of Giving

McSally for Senate Releases New Ad to Air in Primetime for Convention

Newt Gingrich: Kelly’s relationship with Tencent is really a relationship with the dictatorship

Senator McSally Message to RNC: “I’m Fighting Every Day for Freedoms, Constitution, and Future”

Bernie is rallying votes for Mark

ICYMI: McSally discusses debate and stakes of election as early voting starts

ICYMI: Sen. McSally on FOX Business discussing opponents ties to China

McSally Campaign Debate Update

Senator McSally is unstoppable

McSally, Gardner, Tillis Call on Opponents to Accept CNN Debate Invitations

New Digital Ad: Mark Kelly Will Vote for the Largest Tax Increase in American History

MEDIA ADVISORY: Senator McSally to Campaign in Cochise County

ICYMI: “China Is the Biggest Threat We Face”

Statement from Senator Martha McSally

MEDIA ADVISORY: Senator McSally to hold Press Conference with U.S. Chamber, AZ Chamber, Business Leaders

NEW Microsite: CounterfeitKelly.com

Mark and Joe: Vote for me to find out what I’ll do

Senator Martha McSally welcomes Hope Harrison, wife of Tucson pilot killed by terrorists, to D.C. for the State of the Union

MEDIA ADVISORY: Senator McSally to Campaign in Yavapai County

National Border Patrol Council Endorses Senator McSally

California Kamala praises Mark’s liberal credentials

Mark flunks Arizona, gives California an “A”

Evasive

MEDIA ADVISORY: Senator McSally to Campaign with Senator Rick Scott in Maricopa County

MEDIA ADVISORY: Senator McSally to Campaign in Maricopa County

McSally for Senate Launches New TV Ad “Get Through This”

“Who could possibly be against this?” …paging Mark Kelly

As Mark flip-flops, Martha surges

Barry Goldwater, Jr. Statement on Senator McSally’s Debate Victory

Mark & Joe think they can fool voters

WSJ: Kelly’s “public option” means massive tax hikes

Hispanic Faith Leaders Endorse Senator McSally

ICYMI: McSally: “RNC spotlights everyday heroes”

AZ Sen. Debate: FACT CHECK – Mark just lied about snubbing a border agent

 <tag> h3


NAVIGATION

 <tag> p


Yesterday, Nancy Pelosi called Republicans “domestic enemies” of the state. This rhetoric is despicable, divisive, and has no place in our politics. Mark Kelly should immediately condemn this extreme rhetoric in his Party.

PHOENIX – Today, the McSally for Senate campaign released a new ad highlighting Senator Martha McSally’s long history of being a fighter for our country. In the spot, Senator McSally recounts the obstacles she’s overcome, the barriers she broke, and her dedication to fighting for Arizona and our country. CLICK HERE TO WATCH “YOUR FIGHTER” Martha […]

ICYMI: “Martha McSally has what it takes to be a senator. Mark Kelly doesn’t, former astronauts say“ By: Lt. General Thomas P. Stafford, USAF (Ret.), Brig. General Charlie Duke, USAF (Ret.) and Col. Jack Lousma, USMC (Ret.) As former fighter pilots and test pilots, we know what it takes to get in the cockpit of […]

Folks – Mark Kelly continues to embrace extreme, disgusting anti-police rhetoric. A new report out today revealed Mark’s spokesperson called police officers “worthless f*cking pigs” in a tweet this summer. As the report notes, this tweet was written just one week before Mark Kelly hired this person to his campaign team. Mark continues to amplify the most hateful, anti-law enforcement ideas and […]

PHOENIX – Senator Martha McSally will make campaign stops in Yavapai County on Saturday, August 29th. 9:00 a.m. – Prescott, AZ Senator McSally attends breakfast meet and greet hosted by the Republican Women of Prescott 11:00 a.m. – Prescott, AZ Senator McSally attends the grand opening of a new Prescott field office and knocks doors 3:00 p.m. – […]

A new story out today from RealClearPolitics uncovers new information about the extent to which Mark Kelly personally helped secure Chinese Communist Party-tied investment in his firm Worldview. The investment from the CCP-tied firm, Tencent, was originally reported by RealClearPolitics in May. For more background on that, click here. The new reporting reveals important details on Kelly’s relationship with Tencent from an article in the Oriental Morning Post, […]

It’s been at least 25 days since Mark Kelly held an event open to the general public—virtual or otherwise. That’s nearly one month since taking questions from Arizona voters about his record of personal enrichment from Chinese communists’ investment, or answering whether he agrees with Joe Biden and the far Left’s support for violent riots, a $2 trillion job-killing energy plan, and raising […]

Mark Kelly just blatantly lied from the debate stage. Mark’s treatment of Art Del Cueto, and subsequent lie, tells you everything you need to know about how Mark views the brave men and women who patrol our border. “Mark Kelly would have you believe that he understands the importance of border security. But when given […]

PHOENIX – Today, the McSally for Senate campaign launched a new ad highlighting Senator McSally’s work to secure the southern border. Arizona ranchers John Ladd and Jay Whetten explain why Martha’s proven record of leadership on border security has been a boon for Arizonans and why “we need more Martha McSallys in Washington.” The ad […]

RCP: Can McSally Rocket Past Kelly in AZ Senate Race? By: Susan Crabtree …. It’s a mid-October afternoon, less than a month before Election Day. Early voting is underway, and tens of millions of dollars are pouring into the Arizona Senate race pitting McSally, 54, the first female U.S. military pilot to fly in combat, against […]

Folks – Joe Biden and Mark Kelly are running the same playbook. Last night on the debate stage, Joe lied about his previous support for banning fossil fuels. That move may have worked when he first ran in 1972, but this is 2020 and we keep the receipts. This is, incidentally, the exact same move Mark […]

Today, the National Federation of Independent Business (NFIB) announced their endorsement of Senator Martha McSally for United States Senate. “Small businesses are the backbone of Arizona’s economy, and I’m proud to have the endorsement of hard-working job creators across our state,” said Senator Martha McSally. “I have been a champion of rolling back onerous regulations, […]

PHOENIX – Senator Martha McSally will make campaign stops in Maricopa County on Saturday, September 5th. 11:00 a.m. – Glendale, AZ Senator McSally meets with volunteers and knocks doors in LD-20 2:00 p.m. – Surprise, AZ Senator McSally attends meet & greet with Mayor Skip Hall 4:00 p.m. – Peoria, AZ Senator McSally attends meet & greet […]

PHOENIX – Today, the McSally for Senate campaign announced a team of county campaign chairs, representing Arizonans from across the state that have endorsed Senator McSally. The group of county chairs is comprised of business owners, ranchers, mayors, and legislators. This list of endorsements represents the enthusiasm and widespread grassroots support for Martha McSally in all […]

While Mark Kelly peddles his empty promises in a virtual tour on health care, let’s not forget that just last week he admitted that he has no idea how he’d pay for his proposed health care plan. In response to a question about the costs associated with his plan, Mark said the government would have to pay for the […]

PHOENIX – Today, the McSally for Senate campaign launched “Arla,” a new ad that highlights Senator Martha McSally’s legislation to lower the cost of prescription drugs for Arizona’s seniors and families. Arla, a senior citizen from Sun City, shares why she trusts Martha to make medicines more affordable for seniors. CLICK HERE TO WATCH “ARLA” […]

Mark Kelly’s ties to China are finally coming to light. A new story came out today from Real Clear Politics on Mark Kelly’s lengthy ties to China, dependence on communist investors, and history of wasting taxpayer dollars on the failed World View Enterprises. How can Mark Kelly ever hold China accountable for COVID-19 if he’s taking so much money from […]

PAID FOR BY MCSALLY FOR SENATE, INC.

PHOENIX, Ariz. – Today, McSally for Senate launched a new digital ad, “Stronger Than Ever.” The digital ad, a companion to last week’s television ad titled “Get Through This,” highlights Senator McSally’s personal efforts to help Arizonans during the coronavirus pandemic by donating her April paycheck to charities and individuals in need, giving blood, volunteering […]

PHOENIX – Today, the Arizona Police Association (APA) announced their endorsement of Senator Martha McSally for United States Senate. The endorsement will be rolled out during a joint press conference with APA President Justin Harris, Senator McSally, and law enforcement officers. WATCH: The press conference will start at 11:40 PST, and can be streamed live […]

PHOENIX – Senator Martha McSally will make campaign stops with Senator Marsha Blackburn in Maricopa County on Saturday, October 31. 9:00 a.m. – Phoenix, AZ Senator McSally and Senator Blackburn attend Central Valley GOTV event 10:00 a.m. – Tempe, AZ Senator McSally and Senator Blackburn attend GOTV event 11:30 a.m. – Sun City, AZ Senator McSally and Senator […]

Arizona U.S. Senate candidate Mark Kelly’s activities with the Chinese communist dictatorship have become an issue in that state’s senatorial election. …. Some Democrats apparently find it hard to understand how ruthless and dictatorial their communist Chinese business partners are. In Kelly’s case, riding around China with a Chinese flag on his motorcycle was probably […]

PHOENIX – Today, Senator Martha McSally released the following statement celebrating the start of Hispanic Heritage Month: “Arizona is diverse and strong thanks to the contributions of millions of Hispanic Americans in our state, now and throughout our history,” said Senator Martha McSally. “This includes government leaders, entrepreneurs, farmers, ranchers, miners, artists and more. During Hispanic […]

Chuck Schumer just took to the Senate floor to block Senator McSally’s proposal to stop the partisan games and help Arizonans who are unemployed because of the pandemic. It is, unfortunately, no surprise that Schumer and his caucus are more interested in pulling partisan stunts than helping Arizonans and people across the country who need to put […]

PHOENIX – Senator Martha McSally will make campaign stops in Pinal and Maricopa County on Saturday, October 17. 2:00 p.m. – Apache Junction, AZ Senator McSally attends Meet & Greet 4:00 p.m. – Queen Creek, AZ Senator McSally attends Family and Faith Rally For additional details, RSVP to press@mcsallyforsenate.com. McSally for Senate recommends all participants […]

PHOENIX – Today, the McSally for Senate campaign launched a new ad highlighting Senator McSally’s record of defending life-saving healthcare choices. In the ad, Whitney, an Arizonan with a pre-existing condition, explains why she stands against the Democrat plan to put government in charge of healthcare and why she trusts Senator McSally to protect pre-existing […]

SHOT: Mark Kelly and Joe Biden railed against tax cuts that kept more money in the pockets of hardworking Arizonans. Last year on Tax Day, Mark Kelly criticized the 2017 federal tax cut by saying, “Middle class Arizonans are realizing that this massive tax bill wasn’t written for them, and that most of the benefits […]

Yesterday, Senator McSally welcomed President Trump back to Yuma and spoke to the Yuma Sun about their progress on securing our southern border and keeping Arizonans safe. Read the article below or click here. Yuma Sun: McSally talks Trump visit, border wall, security “It’s always an honor to have the president in Arizona and down to […]

Folks – Reupping this op-ed from the Arizona Republic yesterday, in which Jon Gabriel dismantles Mark Kelly’s hollow Second Amendment talking points. Californians fleeing their state might vote for the same failed policies in their new home of Arizona. If so, Mark Kelly is their guy. Arizonans who view the basket case to our West as a cautionary […]

Folks – Bernie is (virtually) rallying Democrats for Biden and Mark Kelly in Arizona today. After trying to dodge his record of supporting and bankrolling the most radical Democrats, it’s no surprise Mark is trying not be seen alongside socialist Bernie as he lays out his plan to raise taxes, push through the trillion dollar […]

PHOENIX – Ahead of tonight’s debate, the McSally for Senate campaign launched CounterfeitKelly.com to highlight Mark Kelly’s shady business history and record of supporting radical politicians and policies. “Mark Kelly is a counterfeit: He says he’s one thing, but a closer look reveals he’s just another Democrat scam to deceive voters. Arizonans deserve to hear […]

It’s not a game, but we’ve been keeping score. And by our tally, last week Senator Martha McSally is MVP while Missing Mark Kelly continues to hide from voters and point fingers. Let’s review the scoreboard. On holding China accountable… · Senator McSally introduced a bill that would require online retailers to disclose if a product was […]

We’ve been saying this for a while: The more voters learn about liberal partisan Mark Kelly, the more they’ve rejected him. And now we’re seeing that this election is a dead heat. Martha laid out the case, and the raised stakes due to the SCOTUS vacancy, this morning on Fox & Friends. This comes on the heels of Mark […]

Mark was just asked multiple times on the debate stage how he’d pay for his total government takeover of health care. He refused to say. He can try to dodge, but Mark’s ‘public option’ health care plan is just clever wording for ‘total government takeover of health care,’ and according to the Heritage Foundation “a […]

Today the McSally for Senate issued the following update on the status of Senate debates: Since issuing the debate challenge 21 days ago, the Kelly campaign has made clear the primary goal is to avoid giving any straight policy answers to the people of Arizona before early voting begins. Despite her busy Senate schedule, Martha […]

After flip-flopping on court packing, and repeatedly refusing to give an answer on whether he’d support Chuck Schumer and his plan to eliminate the filibuster (even when pressed in Tuesday’s debate), it seems like Mark is coordinating his strategy of “vote for me to find out what I’ll do” with the top of the ticket. As early voting is already […]

PHOENIX – Senator Martha McSally and special guests will host an Election Eve rally in Prescott at 7:00 MST on Monday, November 2. The traditional Election Eve rally on Prescott’s courthouse steps will be the eleventh and final stop on Senator McSally’s #AZFighter Tour. 7:00 p.m. – Prescott, AZ Yavapai County Courthouse, 120 S Cortez […]

PHOENIX – Senator Martha McSally will attend a press conference with the Arizona Police Association and members of law enforcement on Friday, September 11. WHAT: Press Conference WHO: Senator Martha McSally, APA President Justin Harris, law enforcement officials WHEN: Friday, September 11, 11:30 a.m. local WHERE: Phoenix Law Enforcement Association, 1102 W Adams St, […]

Mark Kelly’s continued refusal to give a straight answer on some of the most significant policy questions of the moment is alarming. In an interview with the Arizona Daily Star yesterday, Kelly once again refused to say whether he’d vote to get rid of the filibuster, which would open the floodgates to pass the radical Pelosi House […]

Mark Kelly claims to be an independent, but a closer look at his record shows he’s just another Democrat scam. Over more than a decade, Mark built a sophisticated political operation that funded and supported radical Democrat politicians. So while he pretends to be a moderate in Phoenix, he goes to Minneapolis and puts an […]

Fox News: RNC spotlights everyday heroes who fight for our freedoms and future By: Senator Martha McSally Wednesday night we will hear from Republican leaders and everyday heroes at the Republican convention. The inspiring stories should serve as a wake-up call to all Americans about what is at stake in this election: freedom and opportunity. I am […]

For press inquiries email: press@mcsallyforsenate.com.

PHOENIX – Today, the McSally for Senate campaign announced that a group of Arizona’s Hispanic faith leaders have endorsed Senator Martha McSally. “Arizona is made great by the vibrant diversity of our people. I am honored to have the endorsement of this group of leaders from our Hispanic faith community,” said Senator Martha McSally. “I am […]

Mark Kelly just lied about wanting to get rid of fossil fuels: “I don’t know where Senator McSally gets her information.” CHECK THE TAPE: “We’ve got to get off of fossil fuels.” Kelly also would implement a carbon tax, just like the other Democrat Party leaders who are out there advocating for the Green New Deal. As […]

Mark Kelly was called out today for being evasive in an interview with the Arizona Republic. “I’ll have to see” “I’ll study the issue” “I’ll look at both sides” These answers from a candidate who has been running for U.S. Senate for a year and a half are…alarming. What have you been doing all this time, Mark??? Kelly continued his […]

PHOENIX – Senator Martha McSally will hold a press conference with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, the Arizona Chamber of Commerce, and Arizona business leaders on Friday, September 18th. WHAT: Press Conference WHO: Senator Martha McSally, U.S. Chamber, Arizona Chamber, Business Leaders WHEN: Friday, September 18, 10:00 a.m. local WHERE: Arizona Chamber of Commerce, 3200 […]

Mark Kelly is misleading Arizonans…again. Mark’s claim that he takes “no corporate PAC money” is playing fast and loose with the facts. Mark has taken tens of thousands of dollars from leadership PACs that accept corporate contributions and from corporate lobbyists. On top of that, he’s raked tens of thousands of dollars into his personal […]

PHOENIX – Today, Senator Martha McSally joined Colorado Senator Cory Gardner and North Carolina Senator Thom Tillis in calling on their opponents to accept debate invitations from CNN. Despite the national implications of these top tier races, all three Democrat challengers have ignored the opportunity to tell voters where they stand in a nationally-televised debate. […]

Mark Kelly was caught flat footed when he was asked in a live interview about his company World View taking millions of dollars from taxpayers and failing to create the promised jobs, while also laying off hardworking Arizonans. No surprise, when faced with this dismal record he lied saying World View lived up to their promises (no they didn’t, […]

This is not a secret – China is our number one geopolitical threat. But while Martha has worked tirelessly to stand up to China, hold them accountable for unleashing COVID on the world, protect our IP, and bring jobs back from China…Mark Kelly cozied up to them. In 2003, he attended “an all-expenses-paid retreat” funded […]

PHOENIX – After tonight’s commanding debate performance, Congressman Barry Goldwater Jr. issued the following statement on Senator McSally’s debate victory and why Mark Kelly is wrong for Arizona. “My father was a strong leader and delivered bipartisan results during his time in public service. That’s not what Mark Kelly would do.” said Congressman Barry Goldwater, Jr. […]

“The Democratic Party is mainstreaming a dangerous idea as we speak: defunding the police. And they have already mainstreamed within their party the idea of defunding ICE. This is a dangerous platform that threatens the safety and security of every Arizonan. “At the same time, the liberal mob wants to curtail your ability to defend […]

Let’s start with obvious facts we can all agree on: The coronavirus pandemic has totally upended our communities, economy, security, and social norms. This pandemic has totally changed our day-to-day lives. So then why should the way we approach this election cycle not also be different? The Left, and frankly some of our friends in the media, comparing […]

Last night Mark Kelly held a private fundraiser with liberal activist and VP-wannabe Stacey Abrams. We don’t know what they said on that call since Kelly’s DC Dem bosses have kept him tucked away and tightly controlled. Maybe they talked about it being “necessary” to raise taxes, their support for allowing illegal immigrants to vote, […]

Folks – Mark Kelly was finally forced to answer for his racist comments comparing Hispanics to monkeys only two years ago. In the Univision candidate forum that aired today, Martha highlighted Mark’s disrespect for the Hispanic community both in making the comments and then brushing them off as a joke. He once again he said he was “making […]

Folks – In a fundraiser today for Mark Kelly, Kamala Harris praised Mark’s “gun control” efforts to make Arizona more like her home state of California. This is a ringing endorsement for Mark from Senator Harris, who ranks as the most liberal and partisan Democrat in the Senate. She knows Mark would be in lock-step with her liberal agenda because […]

PHOENIX – Today, the McSally for Senate campaign released a new digital ad highlighting Mark Kelly and his fellow Democrats’ plan to vote for tax increases that would cripple Arizona small businesses and families. According to independent organizations, the Democrats’ tax plan would raise taxes on Arizona families by $2,300 a year and amount to […]

Read More...

Folks – “You’re known by the company that you keep.” Martha reminded us of this maxim last night in discussing Mark’s refusal to own up to hiring someone who openly expressed profane, disgusting anti-policy sentiments. Well tonight, Mark kept company with fellow Democrat and disgraced candidate Cal Cunningham, who is best known for his recently discovered affair with […]

Get the latest news, updates, and more for the campaign below!

AZ Central: Mark Kelly says he supports the Second Amendment. But actions speak louder than words By: Jon Gabriel Sure, Mark Kelly loves the Second Amendment. Just ask him. … But Kelly’s actions show disdain for gun rights. The Giffords Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence, which Kelly co-founded, endorsed California as the best model for gun […]

PHOENIX – Senator Martha McSally will hold a press conference with the National Border Patrol Council on Tuesday, October 13. WHAT: Press Conference WHO: Senator Martha McSally, NBPC President Brandon Judd, NBPC Vice President Art Del Cueto, and border patrol agents WHEN: Tuesday, October 13, 2:30 p.m. local WHERE: Ross Aviation, 14600 N Airport Dr, Scottsdale, […]

PHOENIX – The McSally for Senate campaign released the following statement on tonight’s primary election victory: “Tonight’s record turnout of conservative Arizonans proves that Republicans are ready to fight for the future of our country and win in November,” said Senator Martha McSally. “We are on the cusp of a great American comeback. Over the […]

PHOENIX – Today, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the Arizona Chamber of Commerce announced their endorsements of Senator Martha McSally for United States Senate. The endorsement will be rolled out during a joint press conference with the U.S. and Arizona Chambers of Commerce, Senator McSally, and Arizona business leaders. WATCH: The press conference will […]

PHOENIX – Senator Martha McSally will attend a campaign event with Senator Mike Lee in Maricopa County on Tuesday, October 27. 7:00 p.m. – Chandler, AZ Senator McSally attends a GOTV event with Senator Mike Lee For additional details, RSVP to press@mcsallyforsenate.com. McSally for Senate recommends all participants wear a face mask, social distance, and […]

PHOENIX – Senator Martha McSally released the following statement: “With nearly all the votes counted, I called Mark Kelly this morning to congratulate him on winning this race. I also offered support in his transition to ensure Arizonans are best served during this time. I wish him all the best. It has been an absolute honor […]

ICYMI, Senator McSally has taken bold action to hold China accountable this week: Yesterday, Senator McSally introduced a bill to allow Americans impacted by the coronavirus to sue the Chinese communist government, holding them accountable for their role in the pandemic. And today, Senator McSally announced her support for legislation aimed at stopping China from […]

Remember when Mark Kelly couldn’t (read: wouldn’t) say how to pay for his health care plan on the debate stage? Thankfully we have experts to shed some light for us. Economic experts from the Hoover Institution penned an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal today outlining just how disastrous the Democrats’ “public option” plan would be. Not only would […]

PHOENIX – Today, the McSally for Senate campaign launched two new ads highlighting Mark Kelly’s involvement with a medical company that exploited hospital patients by price gouging and sending surprise medical bills. Mo Greene, a doctor and councilman-elect from Oro Valley, and Carol, a senior citizen from Sun City, speak about why Mark Kelly’s record […]

PHOENIX – Today, the McSally for Senate campaign announced that the National Border Patrol Council has endorsed Senator Martha McSally. CLICK HERE to watch the endorsement announcement “In Arizona, we know that border security is national security,” said Senator Martha McSally. “I am honored to again have the endorsement of the National Border Patrol Council because […]

Today, Chuck Schumer confirmed what we’ve been saying all along: If they were in control of the Senate, Democrats would eliminate the filibuster in order to ram through the ultra-liberal Biden-Harris agenda. As a reminder, this includes major tax hikes, total government takeover of health care, free health care for illegal immigrants, trillion-dollar Green New Deal, and defunding […]

PHOENIX – Senator Martha McSally announced today her campaign raised over $212,000 during the “15 Days of Giving” initiative. For 15 days, McSally for Senate suspended all campaign fundraising to instead raise as much money as possible for The Salvation Army of Arizona. The Salvation Army is on the front lines in helping Arizonans impacted […]

PO Box 19128 Tucson, AZ 85710 (520) 488-4610

In case you missed it, Senator Martha McSally just got the endorsement of former Navy fighter pilots, retired admirals, aircraft carrier COs, Blue Angel COs, and a former TOPGUN CO. These Navy veterans support Martha for her track record of delivering bipartisan results for Arizonans and because they can’t get behind fellow Navy veteran Mark Kelly and his alarming liberal […]

Today, Senator Martha McSally officially launched her 2020 campaign! She released a video titled “Inspire,” which highlights her work to deliver results for all Arizonans and her ideas to make life better for the people of Arizona.

PHOENIX – Today, the McSally for Senate campaign launched a new ad that highlights Mark Kelly’s record of supporting and being supported by liberals who are pushing their radical agenda that includes open borders, abolishing ICE, and denouncing law enforcement. Art Del Cueto, vice president of the National Border Patrol Council and Arizona border patrol […]

PHOENIX – Today, the McSally for Senate campaign released a new ad that brings to light Mark Kelly’s liberal policies that would hurt Arizonans. Bonnie, a senior citizen from Surprise, shares her concerns with finding out the truth about Mark Kelly: he would vote for government takeover of health care and the biggest tax increase in […]

Happy Sunday, folks! Today marks 16 days until the most consequential election of our lifetime. Senator Martha McSally was busy last week, crisscrossing the state and talking to Arizonans about the key issues at stake in this election. No one is more accessible or working harder for the people of Arizona than Martha. This week […]

Senator McSally joined Mornings with Maria Bartiomo on FOX Business today. The interview began with a discussion about the need to hold the Chinese Communist Party accountable for lying to the world about Coronoavirus and also “trampling on Hong Kong’s rights.” In the interview, Senator McSally offered her thoughts: “China has been on the rise. They’ve wanted to replace us. They’re […]

The only thing Mark Kelly seems sure of is that he absolutely won’t tell voters where he stands on the issues. Asked again about the biggest questions facing the Senate, Mark continues to lie and pretended he hasn’t yet made up his mind. In an interview with Arizona’s Family, Mark was asked if he’d support Chuck Schumer as Majority […]

PHOENIX – Today, the McSally for Senate campaign launched three new ads highlighting Mark Kelly’s record of ripping off Arizona taxpayers. Benson resident J.J., Air Force veteran Chris, and small business owner Gloria share their personal stories of making ends meet while Mark Kelly lined his pockets with taxpayer money and his company laid off […]

Today, Senator Martha McSally delivered a message during the third day of the Republican National Convention, which focuses on her background of serving in the Air Force and how she’s taken that same fighting spirit to her new battlefield in Congress to protect our freedoms, the Constitution, and our future. CLICK HERE TO WATCH SENATOR McSALLY’S RNC MESSAGE “Hi everyone, […]

The far-Left wing of the Democrat Party is saying the quiet part out loud. Liberal Rep. Pramila Jayapal went on The Daily Show and bragged: “We were able to significantly push Joe Biden to do things that he hadn’t signed on to before. So, he is movable.” This is what we’ve been saying all along: Joe Biden and Mark […]

PHOENIX, Ariz. – Today, McSally for Senate launched a new campaign TV ad, “Dianna.” In the ad, Dianna, a senior from Scottsdale discusses the importance of re-electing McSally, specifically when it comes to dealing with China. “The Coronavirus taught Americans we are too reliant on China for our prescription drugs. That’s dangerous for seniors like […]

PHOENIX – Senator Martha McSally will make campaign stops in Maricopa County on Friday, October 16. 1:00 p.m. – Sun City, AZ Senator McSally attends Meet & Greet 5:00 p.m. – Glendale, AZ Senator McSally meets with Phoenix Log Cabin Republicans 7:00 p.m. – Goodyear, AZ Senator McSally attends Meet & Greet For additional […]

Last night’s Schumer-AOC press conference made clear that the socialist darling is calling the shots on the Senate Democrats SCOTUS strategy. And now, Mark Kelly is refusing to rule out upending the third branch of government. CNN: How Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez’s political future is shaping Senate Democrats’ SCOTUS strategy Mark Kelly was Schumer’s #1 Senate recruit, and his […]

Today, the McSally for Senate campaign released a new ad highlighting Mark Kelly’s deafening silence while cities across the United States experience unrest and out of control violence. Eli Crane, a Tucson-based former Navy SEAL, shares his deep concerns about Mark Kelly’s failure to stand up to liberal mobs and why he supports fellow combat […]

Last night, Chen Guangcheng spoke at the Republican convention about his persecution by the Chinese Communist Party for speaking out against their human rights violations. He shared his firsthand experience of the abuse and aggression suffered at the hand of Chinese government and why he believes we must re-elect President Trump to stand up to China. […]

Yesterday, The Huffington Post reported that Mark Kelly participated in a blatantly sexist marketing campaign for watchmaker Breitling. When asked by a reporter about his participation, Kelly refused to apologize. This isn’t the first time Mark Kelly has leveraged his clout to line his pockets. This salesman bit has become all too familiar, and it’s increasingly clear that Kelly’s only concern […]

PHOENIX, Ariz. – Today, McSally for Senate launched a new television ad, “Get Through This.” The ad focuses on Senator McSally’s unparalleled work on behalf of Arizonans during the coronavirus pandemic — raising money and volunteering to help those directly affected by COVID-19 and fighting for critical funding for Arizona small businesses, families, and health […]

Mark Kelly is once again getting called out by the Arizona Republic for dodging important questions. This time the question is the filibuster (again). He still refuses to say where he stands, even after he was called evasive for his non-answers over a month ago. This is after he flip-flopped yesterday on packing the Supreme Court. Eliminating the filibuster […]

PHOENIX – Ambassador Nikki Haley will campaign with Senator Martha McSally in Maricopa County on October 12. 1:30 p.m. – Scottsdale, AZ Amb. Nikki Haley campaigns with Senator McSally For additional details, RSVP to press@mcsallyforsenate.com. McSally for Senate recommends all participants wear a face mask, social distance, and frequently wash hands or use hand sanitizer to comply […]

PHOENIX – Senator Martha McSally will make campaign stops in Cochise County on Saturday, September 12th. 12:30 p.m. – Sierra Vista, AZ Senator McSally attends Meet and Greet with Cochise County GOP 1:30 p.m. – Sierra Vista AZ Senator McSally participates in door-to-door voter outreach 4:00 p.m. – Benson, AZ Senator McSally attends Small Business […]

PHOENIX – Senator Martha McSally will make campaign stops with Senator Rick Scott in Maricopa County on Thursday, October 29. 10:30 a.m. – Scottsdale, AZ Senator McSally hosts campaign event with Senator Rick Scott 2:30 p.m. – Phoenix, AZ Senator McSally attends phonebank with Senator Rick Scott For additional details, RSVP to press@mcsallyforsenate.com. McSally for […]

PHOENIX – While the McSally for Senate campaign still firmly believes voters deserve to hear from the candidates side-by-side before ballots are mailed, today we announced the first general election debate will take place on October 6. The McSally campaign offered 15 potential dates for a debate in September. Mark Kelly refused them all. The Arizona […]

After being excoriated by local press for weeks, Mark Kelly is STILL dancing around the biggest political questions before the Senate: 1) Will he support Chuck Schumer as Majority Leader and 2) Will he join his colleagues in ending the filibuster? He’s been asked once, twice, three times, and a FOURTH time this week. This […]

PHOENIX – Today the McSally for Senate campaign announced it would challenge Mark Kelly to seven general election debates. “Now, more than ever before, it is important that Arizonans hear directly from the candidates running to represent them in the Senate,” said Senator Martha McSally. “Unfortunately, my opponent has largely refused to take hard questions […]

Happy Labor Day, everyone! Friendly reminder that the most consequential election of our lives is just 57 days away. Senator McSally has been crisscrossing the state over the last several weeks, talking to Arizona voters about the issues most impacting their lives: job opportunities, a secure border, and better health care solutions. WATCH: Are you ready to save our country? Last week alone, she visited four Arizona counties, traveled the state […]

After a landslide victory last night Senator McSally hit the airwaves this morning to announce a 7-debate challenge to Mark Kelly. As a reminder, Missing Mark has been staying tucked away and tightly controlled by his handlers, while Martha has been hard at work for Arizonans. It’s no surprise that Mark Kelly is shying away from accepting our challenge—he doesn’t want Arizonans to […]

Mark Kelly is still refusing to give Arizonans answers. Support for Chuck Schumer as Democrat leader and support for eliminating the filibuster are the vehicles by which every single liberal Squad policy would be rammed through the Senate—policies that are out of step with Arizonans. Voters are increasingly worried about these liberal positions and the damage […]

PHOENIX, Ariz. – Today, McSally for Senate launched another campaign TV ad, “Never Trust a Communist”. The ad highlights Senator McSally’s work to hold the communist Chinese government accountable for lying to the world and covering up critical information about the Coronavirus. Senator McSally is also working on bringing pharmaceutical and manufacturing back to America, […]

Yesterday, Mark Kelly announced his marching orders from Chuck Schumer: The Senate should not fulfill its constitutional duty to advise and consent on the president’s Supreme Court nominee, and instead wait for what he believes will be a nominee picked by a liberal Democrat president. In saying he wants to wait for a Democrat-picked Supreme Court nominee, Kelly […]

They say never meet your “heroes,” they’ll just disappoint you. The more Arizonans learn about what’s behind Mark Kelly’s glossy veneer, the more this old adage rings true. WATCH “NEVER MEET YOUR HEROES” As a reminder, here’s a small sampling of what’s been uncovered about Mark: Took taxpayer money from Arizonans families, then wasted […]

Mark Kelly is still silent on the Schumer-Pelosi obstructionism of COVID relief. Today, a Democrat member of the House Problem Solvers Caucus (the same group Senator McSally was a part of when she was in the House) blasted Schumer and Pelosi for playing political games: “It made me disappointed to be a Democrat… You saw all the […]

PHOENIX – Today, the McSally for Senate campaign launched a new ad highlighting the American spirit of resilience as we face unprecedented challenges. From serving our country as an A-10 combat pilot to answering the call to serve the people of Arizona in Congress, Martha has always put service above self. She is Arizona’s fighter […]

Privacy Policy

PHOENIX – Today, the McSally for Senate campaign and the Arizona Republican Party announced the #AZFighter Tour, a state-wide swing in the final stretch of the campaign. Over the course of her life and time serving the state, Senator McSally has proven time and again that she is Arizona’s Fighter and will continue fighting to […]

KTAR – Arizona Sens. Martha McSally and Kyrsten Sinema have sponsored a bill that aims to streamline the backlog of cases plaguing the state’s federal courts. McSally, a Republican, and Sinema, a Democrat, crossed the aisle on the legislation that would increase the number of federal judgeships in the state. McSally said in a press release […]

If I’ve said it once, I’ve said it a thousand times: It is unacceptable that Mark Kelly is getting away with avoiding answering basic questions about where he stands. He continues to refuse to debate before voting begins. On KFYI’s Russell & Hunter yesterday, the hosts outlined Mark Kelly’s strategy of hiding from voters: WATCH […]

PHOENIX – Today, the McSally for Senate campaign launched two closing ads. The spots highlight the choice Arizonans have in the upcoming election. In the ads, Senator Martha McSally lays out her record of cutting taxes, defending Arizonans’ health care, bringing jobs home from China, and securing the border, which is a stark contrast to […]

Martha McSally invited Hope Harrison and her daughter Heaven from Tucson to be her guests at President Trump’s State of the Union address last night in Washington, D.C.

Mark Kelly talks a big game, but his silence on Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi’s latest obstruction only proves he’d be a partisan rubber stamp. Flashback: In July, Senator McSally took to the Senate floor to extend unemployment relief for Arizonans. “This is a reasonable proposal. Who could possibly be against this?” We got our answer when […]

Martha McSally is a retired member of the Air Force. Use of her military rank, job titles, and photographs in uniform does not imply endorsement from the Department of Defense or the Air Force.

Senator Martha McSally announced today a “15 Days of Giving” initiative. For the next 15 days, McSally for Senate will suspend all campaign fundraising and instead raise as much money as possible for The Salvation Army of Arizona. The Salvation Army is on the front lines in helping Arizonans impacted by the coronavirus pandemic. For […]

After last night’s big debate win, Senator Martha McSally took to the airwaves today to recap the debate and talk to voters about what’s at stake in this election as early voting begins. Senator McSally on Good Morning Arizona Senator McSally on KTAR’s The Mike Broomhead Show Senator McSally on KFYI with James T. Harris WHAT […]

Senator McSally joined Sean Spicer and Lyndsay Keith on Spicer & Co. to talk about her primetime convention ad, Nancy Pelosi’s dangerous rhetoric, the election, and more. WATCH FULL INTERVIEW HERE:

Folks – Moderate Mark is a myth. Last night, as soon as the last vote was tallied confirming Amy Coney Barrett to the Supreme Court, The Squad declared their intent to pack the court and drag the Democrat Party all the way off the Left wing cliff. In an interview shortly after their threat to upend our third branch […]

PHOENIX – Senator Martha McSally will visit a polling location to rally Election Day voters. 9:00 a.m. – Mesa Convention Center Building A 263 N Center St, Mesa, AZ 85201 ###

PHOENIX – Today, the McSally for Senate campaign released a new ad that exposes Mark Kelly’s lies and scare tactics on health coverage for pre-existing conditions. The ad features Senator McSally speaking directly to voters about the Democrats’ shameful smears, why she voted to repeal Obamacare, her commitment to protecting Arizonans with pre-existing conditions, and […]

 <tag> li




IN THE NEWS

ISSUES

HOME

MEET MARTHA

JOIN THE TEAM


=====LINK SOURCE: https://action.mcsallyforsenate.com/issues/=====

 <tag> h2


Bipartisanship in a Partisan Time

Defense & Veterans

Health Care

Public Safety

Second Amendment

Economy

Sanctity of Life

Get the Facts

COVID-19 Relief for Arizona Families

Border Security

 <tag> strong




Bipartisanship

Martha is standing up to China for their role in unleashing this virus on us.

As it stands the United States is one of only seven countries that allows late term abortions—including China and North Korea. This is unacceptable.

Martha has a strong record of upholding the sanctity of life and believes taxpayers should not be forced to fund abortions.

Bipartisanship in a Partisan Time

Martha is standing up against the Democrats’ plan to take more money out of your wallets.

Defense

Martha is taking on big Pharma and introduced her own bill to lower the cost of prescription drugs.

•

She supported the repeal of 16 regulations that were imposed through executive overreach under President Obama.

Martha’s commitment to backing the blue earned her the endorsement of the Arizona Police Association, an organization representing more than 12,000 uniformed officers in our state.

Martha served our country honorably for 26 years in the U.S. Air Force. She was the first woman in U.S. history to fly a fighter jet in combat and command a fighter squadron in combat.

advocating responsible policing reforms

record low unemployment for Black, Hispanic, and Asian Americans. We had the lowest poverty rate in more than 50 years.

She went to bat to secure funding for critical military assets housed in Arizona

Health Care • Second Amendment • Public Safety • Sanctity of Life

Defense & Veterans

COVID-19 • Border Security •

The unaffordable, broken, government-run health care system the Democrats want to expand would close rural hospitals collapse Medicare, raise taxes, and eliminate private insurance, kicking more than 178 million Americans off of their employer-based health plans.

Martha put her life on the line to protect our Constitutional freedoms, including the Second Amendment.

Public Safety

& Veterans

At 3.5%, unemployment was at the lowest point in over half a century.

Economy

Sanctity of Life

Martha will always stand behind our border patrol agents and has voted to ensure they have everything they need to do their jobs safely.

rebuild our military and give them the resources they need to protect the homeland and defend our allies from bad actors around the globe.

ranked Martha the sixth most bipartisan senator and she tied for #1 of ALL 100 senators for the most bills signed into law.

COVID-19 Relief for Arizona Families

saved the economy $4.1 billion

historic tax cuts that saved the average middle-class Arizona family $2,000 every year

Martha once again received the endorsement of the National Border Patrol Council, representing more than 18,000 agents.

Martha is working with her colleagues on both sides of the aisle to implement a better solution to bring down costs and provide more choices to families.

Martha is leading the charge to ease the burden the coronavirus has put on individuals and businesses.

Border Security

 <tag> p


When she served in the House of Representatives, Martha worked across the aisle to pass bills that were signed into law under a Democrat administration. Now, with a Republican Senate and White House, she has continued that track record of bipartisanship to deliver results for Arizonans. Martha’s work with President Trump has put Arizona and America first on every issue.

With the leadership of Martha McSally and Republicans in Congress, the president signed into law historic tax cuts that saved the average middle-class Arizona family $2,000 every year. That means more money back in your pockets.

Martha’s commitment to backing the blue earned her the endorsement of the Arizona Police Association, an organization representing more than 12,000 uniformed officers in our state. They know she will always stand up for them and make sure they have the resources they need to keep our communities safe.

The high cost of prescription drugs is one of the top concerns of Arizonans. Too many Arizonans and seniors are forced to split pills or leave medication on the pharmacy counter due to sticker shock and exorbitant costs. Martha is taking on big Pharma and introduced her own bill to lower the cost of prescription drugs. She is a co-sponsor of other solutions that are working toward the same goal.

Martha’s record serving Arizona in Congress shows that she has worked to protect due process for veterans and seniors, while strengthening the existing background check system.

While Martha and her fellow Republicans believe in supporting law enforcement, the growing reckless calls on the Left to defund the police are dangerous and would leave our families less safe.

Martha has worked with the Trump administration to rebuild our military and give them the resources they need to protect the homeland and defend our allies from bad actors around the globe.

Under the Obama-Biden administration, our military was decimated. They cut our military by 25%, creating the worst readiness crisis in a generation. Not only did these spending cuts erode our strategic edge over our adversaries, but it also led to an unacceptable increase in loss of lives during training and safety risks.

There is no better champion for our men and women in uniform than Martha McSally.

Martha channeled her own experience as a survivor of military sexual assault into fighting for our servicewomen. In 2019, 17 of her 18 provisions to combat sexual assault in the military made it into the National Defense Authorization Act, which was signed into law.

She is working to bring manufacturing of essential products—such as personal protective equipment (PPE) and prescription drugs—home from China, and ensuring we stop shipping our jobs overseas.

Both Republicans and Democrats agree on protecting people with pre-existing conditions, and Martha has a record of co-sponsoring and voting for legislation to protect people with pre-existing conditions. But when Arizonans can’t afford their premiums and prescriptions because of unaffordable costs under Obamacare, that doesn’t protect people with pre-existing conditions. While Democrats work to maintain and expand bureaucratic, government-run health care that isn’t work for Arizonans, Martha is working with her colleagues on both sides of the aisle to implement a better solution to bring down costs and provide more choices to families.

We must continue to ensure our communities are safe for all Arizonans, and that includes advocating responsible policing reforms. Martha co-sponsored and supported Senator Tim Scott’s policing reform legislation that would have: provided more training for police officers in de-escalation and the duty to intervene; made lynching a federal hate crime; created a national policing commission to conduct a review of the U.S. criminal justice system; collected data on use of force by police; banned the use of chokeholds by federal officers and withhold federal funds to state and local law enforcement agencies that do not ban them; and withheld federal money to police departments that fail to report to the Justice Department when no-knock warrants are used. Not a single Democrat would support this meaningful legislation.

Martha is Arizona’s Second Amendment senator. As an A-10 pilot, she protected our ground troops in the Middle East and Afghanistan and shot the biggest gun of anyone in Congress!

Martha served our country honorably for 26 years in the U.S. Air Force. She was the first woman in U.S. history to fly a fighter jet in combat and command a fighter squadron in combat. She deployed to the Middle East and Afghanistan six times and flew 325 combat hours in the mighty A-10 warthog. She retired as a colonel in 2010.

This first-in-a-century pandemic has impacted so many Arizonans, who have found themselves out of work through no fault of their own. Martha is leading the charge to ease the burden the coronavirus has put on individuals and businesses. She crafted and voted for the CARES Act to get immediate, direct cash relief to individuals and provide small businesses with funding to keep their employees on the payroll. The relief she fought for and delivered to Arizonans included:

As a result of her request, the Treasury Department granted states and cities additional flexibility in order to use the funding they received in the CARES Act in a way that best suits their communities.

For her relentless efforts as Arizona’s Border Senator, Martha once again received the endorsement of the National Border Patrol Council, representing more than 18,000 agents. They support her in this election because of her commitment to the men and women who work hard every day to keep our country and communities safe.

Martha is standing up to China for their role in unleashing this virus on us. China lied to the world and covered up this virus for months, and Martha is leading on several pieces of legislation to ensure they are held responsible. The Chinese Communist Party has even threatened to sanction Martha because she has been an outspoken leader in the effort to hold them accountable. She will not quit in her fight against the Communist Chinese regime.

Before China unleashed this pandemic on us, our economy was the strongest it’s been in our lifetime. At 3.5%, unemployment was at the lowest point in over half a century. There was record low unemployment for Black, Hispanic, and Asian Americans. We had the lowest poverty rate in more than 50 years.

Martha has a strong record of upholding the sanctity of life and believes taxpayers should not be forced to fund abortions. She is pro-life and supports three exceptions in the cases of rape, incest, or if the life of mother is at risk.

Arizonans understand that border security is national security, and Martha is your border security senator. She has worked with the Trump Administration to fund more than 300 miles of new border wall system at our southern border. Martha will always stand behind our border patrol agents and has voted to ensure they have everything they need to do their jobs safely. To that end, she advocated and voted for additional funding for:

Since becoming a senator for Arizona, an independent organization ranked Martha the sixth most bipartisan senator and she tied for #1 of ALL 100 senators for the most bills signed into law. It is her commitment to working with anyone to get things done that has made her an effective champion for Arizonans. Some of her signature achievements in Congress include:

Democrats not only want to undo the middle-class tax cuts and deregulation Martha fought for, but they also plan to implement the largest tax increase in modern history. They think they know how to spend your money better than you do. Martha is standing up against the Democrats’ plan to take more money out of your wallets.

Amid this historic growth, 71% of the new jobs last year went to women, and 22 million families have benefited from the doubling of the child tax credit—Senator McSally is working to make that permanent for Arizona families.

Unlike her opponent, who is beholden to China through his long relationship with the regime and multiple business entanglements, Martha is standing up to them and putting Arizonans and Americans first.

Everywhere she goes, Martha hears from Arizonans who can’t afford their health insurance or the high cost of their prescription drugs. Under Obamacare, Arizonans’ premiums skyrocketed and their deductibles were so high making the insurance unusable. The unaffordable, broken, government-run health care system the Democrats want to expand would close rural hospitals collapse Medicare, raise taxes, and eliminate private insurance, kicking more than 178 million Americans off of their employer-based health plans.

Martha has consistently advocated for funding for low income women to get access to birth control and for contraceptives to be available over the counter.

Martha put her life on the line to protect our Constitutional freedoms, including the Second Amendment. As a veteran, gun-owner, and conservative, Martha is standing up to the radical activists who are seeking to rollback our rights.

One of the greatest tragedies of the modern Democrat Party is their unabashed embrace of abortion without any restrictions. As it stands the United States is one of only seven countries that allows late term abortions—including China and North Korea. This is unacceptable. She believes we must stand up and protect the innocent lives of unborn babies.

She went to bat to secure funding for critical military assets housed in Arizona, including saving the A-10 at Davis-Monthan AFB and funding the F-35 at Luke AFB and Yuma Marine Corps Air Station. She also helped secure additional parental leave for servicemembers after the birth or adoption of a new child, fought for the largest pay raise in a decade, and is leading to remove career barriers for military spouses like costly licensing fees.

From her time serving in the House and now in the Senate, Martha goes to Washington, not with an “R” on her jersey, but with an “AZ” on her jersey.

Our law enforcement officers put their lives on the line every day for our safety, and they deserve our unending respect and gratitude.

Together with the Trump Administration, Martha has supported unprecedented regulatory relief for American businesses, farmers and ranchers, and workers. She supported the repeal of 16 regulations that were imposed through executive overreach under President Obama. These burdensome regulations were costly to American households and small businesses. Their repeal saved the economy $4.1 billion. Martha is also leading on legislation to rein in unelected federal bureaucrats by requiring that Congress affirmatively approve every new agency rule that would have an annual economic impact of at least $100 million.

Bipartisanship • COVID-19 • Border Security • Defense & Veterans • Economy • Health Care • Second Amendment • Public Safety • Sanctity of Life

 <tag> li


Air assistance to our agents on the ground through both fixed wing and rotary aircraft.

$9 billion in relief funding for Arizona businesses;

Crafting and voting for a Republican-led tax cut package that saved the average Arizona family $2,000 each year;

$175 billion nationwide to support hospitals treating coronavirus patients;

$8 billion in COVID relief funds for tribal governments across the country—the largest appropriations for tribes in U.S. history;

Construction of additional border wall system along the southern border;

Expanding border surveillance capabilities through sensors and radars along our borders; and

And creating a nationwide Veterans Treatment Court program to provide our heroes with treatment they need to recover from the invisible wounds of war.

$10 billion to protect residents of nursing homes and long-term care facilities across the country; and

$25 billion nationwide for research, development, manufacture, and administration of testing, so that it could be provided at no cost to patients;

Privacy Policy

DONATE

The modernization and construction of ports of entry, as well as technology to facilitate legitimate trade and travel;

Hiring border patrol agents and officers to address staffing shortages and patrol the border and ports of entry;

Successfully fighting to restore control of lands to Arizonans through five land exchanges;

Introducing and working across the aisle to pass legislation to authorize the historic, multi-state Colorado River Drought Contingency Plan to secure Arizona’s water future;

An additional $600 a week in unemployment to help those laid off due to the pandemic.

 <tag> span




She is working to bring manufacturing of essential products—such as personal protective equipment (PPE) and prescription drugs—home from China, and ensuring we stop shipping our jobs overseas.

Martha is standing up to China for their role in unleashing this virus on us. China lied to the world and covered up this virus for months, and Martha is leading on several pieces of legislation to ensure they are held responsible. The Chinese Communist Party has even threatened to sanction Martha because she has been an outspoken leader in the effort to hold them accountable. She will not quit in her fight against the Communist Chinese regime.

Unlike her opponent, who is beholden to China through his long relationship with the regime and multiple business entanglements, Martha is standing up to them and putting Arizonans and Americans first.


=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.mcsallyforsenate.com/about/=====

 <tag> h3


NAVIGATION

 <tag> strong


ALWAYS MORE

 <tag> p




-Martha McSally

PO Box 19128 Tucson, AZ 85710 (520) 488-4610

Privacy Policy

Before she was sworn in as a U.S. Senator in January 2019, Martha previously represented Arizona’s second congressional district for four years in the United States House of Representatives. Martha serves on the following Senate Committees: Armed Services; Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs; Energy and Natural Resources; Indian Affairs; and the Special Committee on Aging.

Martha McSally is a retired member of the Air Force. Use of her military rank, job titles, and photographs in uniform does not imply endorsement from the Department of Defense or the Air Force.

When Martha’s not working to secure our borders, support our veterans, and lower healthcare costs, she can be found outdoors running and hiking with her golden retriever rescue, Boomer. She is also an accomplished triathlete and has set out to become the first U.S. Senator to hike the 800-mile Arizona trail.

PAID FOR BY MCSALLY FOR SENATE, INC.

Martha is a Distinguished Graduate of the United States Air Force Academy. She received her first master’s degree from Harvard University’s John F. Kennedy School of Government. She earned her second from the United States Air War College, where she graduated first in her class of 261 senior military officers.

Martha was deployed to Saudi Arabia on 9/11 and was a part of the leadership team that planned and executed the initial air campaign in Afghanistan after the 9/11 attacks. She also oversaw combat search and rescue operations over Southern Iraq and Afghanistan as well as counter-terrorism operations in Africa.

“THERE‘S ALWAYS MORE THAT UNITES US THAN DIVIDES US.”

Senator Martha McSally proudly represents the people of Arizona in the United States Senate.

Prior to serving in Congress, Senator McSally served 26 years in the U.S. Air Force, retiring in 2010 as a full Colonel. During her 26-year military career, she deployed six times to the Middle East and Afghanistan, flying 325 combat hours and earning a Bronze Star and six air medals. She broke barriers for women and girls everywhere — becoming not only the first woman in U.S. history to fly a fighter jet in combat— but the first woman to command a fighter squadron in combat in United States history.

 <tag> li




IN THE NEWS

ISSUES

HOME

MEET MARTHA

JOIN THE TEAM

 <tag> span


Senator Martha McSally proudly represents the people of Arizona in the United States Senate.

Military Service

Arizona


=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.mcsallyforsenate.com/=====

 <tag> h3


NAVIGATION

JOIN THE TEAM

 <tag> strong


Senator Martha McSally proudly represents the people of Arizona in the United States Senate.

ALWAYS MORE

 <tag> p




-Martha McSally

Senator Martha McSally proudly represents the people of Arizona in the United States Senate. Before she was sworn in as a U.S. Senator in January 2019, Martha previously represented Arizona’s second congressional district for four years in the United States House of Representatives. Martha serves on the following Senate Committees: Armed Services; Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs; Energy and Natural Resources; Indian Affairs; and the Special Committee on Aging.

PO Box 19128 Tucson, AZ 85710 (520) 488-4610

Privacy Policy

Martha McSally is a retired member of the Air Force. Use of her military rank, job titles, and photographs in uniform does not imply endorsement from the Department of Defense or the Air Force.

PAID FOR BY MCSALLY FOR SENATE, INC.

“THERE’S ALWAYS MORE THAT UNITES US THAN DIVIDES US.”

 <tag> li




Join Now

IN THE NEWS

ISSUES

HOME

MEET MARTHA

JOIN THE TEAM

 <tag> span




Martha


Number of links (dup removed)4

All links:
{'https://www.mcsallyforsenate.com/news/', 'https://www.mcsallyforsenate.com/about/', 'https://action.mcsallyforsenate.com/issues/', 'https://www.mcsallyforsenate.com/'}