Candidate: KIM, DONNA MERCADO
Result:mercadokim.com/=====

 <tag> h3


GET UPDATES

NEWS

 <tag> strong




Mahalo!

Aloha and Welcome!

 <tag> p




I'm a local girl, born and raised in Kalihi, and a product of our public school system. I care deeply about my island home and no one will work harder for you!

Mahalo!

All Residents 16+ Are Becoming Eligible April 19

Are you eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Hawaii?

State expands eligibility to more Phase 1c essential workers on Monday

Aloha and Welcome!

Are You Fully Vaccinated?

Got Questions About The COVID-19 Vaccines

Today's challenges are even more difficult, and amplifying the voice of our community is what drives me.

I have devoted almost 40 years to public service at the city and state levels where I have fought for government efficiency, transparency, and accountability. I have always and will continue to fight for middle and working class families because growing up in Kalihi, both my parents had to work hard to make ends meet, to pay the rent, and put food on the table. They both worried about health care for their children and caring for their aging parents. Hawai‘i is a special place where ‘ohana is important, and we learned at an early age, the true meaning of sacrifice and helping one another. We also learned to be frugal and to manage our spending.

 <tag> li




COVID-19 RESOURCES

COMMUNITY REPORTS

EVENTS

ABOUT DONNA

HOME

PHOTO GALLERY

NEWS

 <tag> span




I'm a local girl, born and raised in Kalihi, and a product of our public school system. I care deeply about my island home and no one will work harder for you!

Mahalo!

rowing up in Kalihi, both my parents had to work hard to make ends meet, to pay the rent, and put food on the table. They both worried about health care for their children and caring for their aging parents. Hawai‘i is a special place where ‘ohana is important, and we learned at an early age, the true meaning of sacrifice and helping one another. We also learned to be frugal and to manage our spending.

Aloha and Welcome!

I have devoted almost 40 years to public service at the city and state levels where I have fought for

g

Today's challenges are even more difficult, and amplifying the voice of our community is what drives me.

government efficiency, transparency, and accountability. I have always and will continue to fight for middle and working class families because


=====LINK SOURCE: about:blank=====


=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.donnamercadokim.com/news=====

 <tag> h2




OAHU MOVES TO TIER 3 OF REOPENING STRATEGY

VACCINE APPOINTMENT AND SITE INFORMATION:

COVID-19 VACCINATION AVAILABILITY

Before attending a distribution, please make sure your vehicle's back seat, trunk, hatchback and/or tailgate are emptied and prepared to receive food.

Food will be distributed for approximately 4,000 households or WHILE SUPPLIES LAST.

Bring the following items with you to the "Food For Hawai‘i's ‘Ohana" distribution: a pen, completed Household Information Form(s) and a valid government-issued ID for each household.

 <tag> h3


SENATE COVID-19 TO MEET TOMORROW

QUARANTINE LIFTED FOR INTER-ISLAND TRAVEL STARTING JUNE 16

SATELLITE CITY HALLS TO REOPEN JULY 1

Kaiser Permanente

AIRPORTS AND HEALTH DEPARTMENTS AMONG OTHERS TO MEET WITH SENATE COMMITTEE TOMORROW

SENATE SPECIAL COMMITTEE CONVENES APRIL 28

COVID-19 Variants and the Vaccine: What You Should Know

All Residents 16+ Are Becoming Eligible April 19

HAWAII STATE SENATE ANNOUNCES OPERATIONAL CHANGES AHEAD OF 2021 LEGISLATIVE SESSION

SENATE COVID-19 MEETS TODAY TO DISCUSS ELECTIONS

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH RED HILL CONTESTED CASE HEARING

PUBLIC LIBRARY LAUNCHES TAKE OUT SYSTEM

OAHU DRIVER LICENSING & STATE ID SERVICES RESTART BY APPOINTMENT ONLY

HAWAII DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH PREPARES FOR SECOND PRIORITY POPULATION GROUP TO BEGIN RECEIVING COVID-19 VACCINE

State expands eligibility to more Phase 1c essential workers on Monday

SENATORS DEFER PAY RAISES RECOMMENDED BY SALARY COMMISSION

COVID-19 Vaccine Update

GET UPDATES

GOVERNOR APPROVES MORE BUSINESSES TO OPEN

AlohaSafe Alert: Add your phone to fight against COVID-19

Hawaii State Legislature Website

2021 Session

FREE FOOD FOR THE COMMUNITY

Who is eligible to get the vaccine and how do I sign-up?

HAWAII HEALTHCARE WORKERS BEGIN RECEIVING 2ND DOSE OF COVID-19 VACCINE

SUMMER FOOD SERVICE STUDENT MEALS

DLIR IMPLEMENTS FILING CERTIFICATION DAYS BASED ON LAST NAME

OAHU BEACHES CLEARED TO OPEN

QUARANTINE EXTENDED FOR OUT-OF-STATE TRAVELERS TILL JULY 31

PRESCHOOL OPEN DOORS PROGRAM ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS

Beware of COVID-19 vaccine scams!

STATE TO LAUNCH COVID-19 PRE-TRAVEL TESTING PROGRAM FOR OUT-OF-STATE TRAVELERS AUGUST 1

FOOD DISTRIBUTION AT ALOHA STADIUM TOMORROW, MAY 22

5 Things Hawaii residents need to know about COVID-19 variants

COVID-19 COMMITTEE SENDS CONCERNS TO CHIEF JUSTICE AND MAYOR

GOVERNOR EXTENDS STAY-AT-HOME ORDER TILL MAY 31

CITY PARKS TO REOPEN THIS SATURDAY WITH LIMITED ACTIVITY

OAHU SHOPPING AND RETAIL STORES CAN OPEN MAY 15

Vaccination Eligibility for Individuals 70+

COVID-19 Vaccination Availability

New resource! Booklet helps you and your loved ones develop a COVID-19 care plan

FREE TESTING TOMORROW, MAY 12

OAHU DRIVER LICENSING, STATE ID SERVICES RESTART BY APPOINTMENT ONLY

Longs Drugs pharmacies begin offering COVID-19 vaccinations daily

VEHICLE SAFETY CHECKS FOR REGISTRATION TEMPORARILY HALTED

Why Get Vaccinated?

SENATE COVID-19 COMMITTEE MEETS TODAY

STATE SENATE RECONVENES FOR THREE WEEK SESSION

New Service Simplifies COVID-19 Vaccination Registration Process For Kupuna

More People Are Eligible To Get Vaccinated In Hawaii

LEGISLATURE TO REOPEN JUNE 1; CAPITOL REMAINS CLOSED TO THE PUBLIC

THOUSANDS IN HAWAIʻI EXPECTED TO BENEFIT FROM EMERGENCY FOOD STAMPS, PANDEMIC SCHOOL MEAL PROGRAM

JUROR QUESTIONNAIRES BEING MAILED AUG 3

SENATE SPECIAL COMMITTEE CONVENES TOMORROW

Are You Fully Vaccinated?

SENATE REVIEWS LEGISLATIVE BUDGET

COVID-19 EMERGENCY AID PROGRAM FOR OAHU RESIDENTS

LEGISLATURE RECONVENING MAY 11

NEW TESTING SITES AVAILABLE

COVID-19 Vaccine Call Center For General Public & Health Providers

2021 SENATE LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM PRIORITIZES TEN UNITED NATIONS SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS

NEWS

Who is eligible to get the vaccine right now?

FREE COVID-19 AND ANTIBODY TESTING THIS WEEKEND

QUARANTINE AND SAFER-AT-HOME ORDER EXTENDED THROUGH JUNE 30

SINGERS, MUSICIANS ALLOWED BACK IN RESTAURANTS AND BARS

THE ALOHASAFE ALERT APP

COVID-19 AND ANTIBODY TESTING THIS WEEKEND

Tracking Hawaiiʻs progress: How are we doing as a state?

2021 Legislative Session

Hawaii Pacific Health

FIRST ROUND OF BUSINESSES SET TO OPEN

Vaccinations Expand to Hawaii Residents 60+ on Monday

THEATERS, GYMS, AND BARS GIVEN THE GREEN LIGHT TO OPEN JUNE 19

Updates on COVID-19 Vaccine

Department of Health expands mental health assistance in response to the ongoing pandemic

DOH TO PARTNER WITH PHARMACIES STATEWIDE TO PROVIDE COVID-19 VACCINE

OAHU MOVES TO TIER 3 OF REOPENING STRATEGY

SENATE SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON COVID-19 HOLDS MEETING TOMORROW

FREE TESTING TOMORROW

SENATE COVID-19 COMMITTEE MEETS TODAY TO DISCUSS REOPENING THE ECONOMY

FREE COVID TESTING IN KALIHI MAY 5

FREE COVID-19 TESTING THIS WEEKEND

Queen's Health Systems

HECO EXTENDS MORATORIUM ON SERVICE DISCONNECTIONS THROUGH JUNE 30

FREE MENTAL HEALTH SERVICES

CITY TO REOPEN CERTAIN BUSINESSES ON MAY 1

APPLY FOR CHILD CARE SERVICES

CITY FACILITIES THAT ARE OPEN

Are you eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Hawaii?

UPDATE - FILING FOR UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE

COVID-19 HARDSHIP RELIEF PROGRAM

LEGISLATURE ANNOUNCE PLAN TO USE CARES FUNDS

PUBLIC SCHOOLS REOPENING PUSHED TO AUG 17

SUPERINTENDENT SAYS SCHOOLS COULD REALISTICALLY REOPEN FULLY IN FALL 2021; SOME HIGH SCHOOLS CAN HOLD LIMITED IN-PERSON COMMENCEMENT CEREMONIES

FREE MODIFIED SUMMER FUN

Got Questions About The COVID-19 Vaccines

FLORISTS CAN OPEN ON MAY 1

 <tag> strong




Automated service providers

Approach to Job Creation:

Department of the Attorney General

Kaiser Permanente

Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

Chaminade University -

County of Kaua'i

DO NOT

Oahu

The partnering pharmacies throughout the state include: ElixRx Pharmacy, 5 Minute Pharmacy, Foodland Pharmacy, KTA Pharmacy, Pharmacare Hawaii, The Queen’s Medical Center Pharmacy, and Times Pharmacy. As of Friday, the DOH has administered more than 56,000 vaccines and has received 152,650 doses from Moderna and Pfizer-BioNTech combined.

Honolulu Police Department

Hawaii Pacific University -

Pacific International Space Center for Exploration Systems

*ALL VACCINES ADMINISTERED ARE BY APPOINTMENT ONLY*

Queen’s Health Systems

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency -

District 1 (Hawaiʻi Kai to McCully) -

State expands eligibility to more Phase 1c essential workers on Monday

Phase 1c:

Research & Economic Analysis

View Vaccine Registration Directory

I EXPECTED TO BENEFIT FROM EMERGENCY FOOD STAMPS, PANDEMIC SCHOOL MEAL PROGRAM

AlohaSafe Alert works in a simple 5-step process: download, diagnose, verify, notify and quarantine.

Business Development & Support Division

AlohaSafe Alert: Add your phone to fight against COVID-19

CVS/Longs Drugs

The State Capitol building will remain closed to the public at least through June 30, 2020

Learn More About Kū Makani FREE Mental Health Resources

Hawaii Executive Collaborative

County of Hawai'i

Board of Water Supply:

Attendance Limits:

Safety Protocols:

Who is eligible to get the vaccine and how do I sign-up?

1)Are the variants here in Hawai‘i?

Building Permit Applications:

Department of Health -

How to Register for the Vaccine

PRESCHOOL OPEN DOORS PROGRAM ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS

Office of Elections

Department of Planning and Permitting

District 2

THOUSANDS IN HAWAI

If you are in this vaccination group, please follow these instructions:

Food Service Program:

University of Hawaii – School of Nursing and Dental Hygiene -

Aloha Trace -

Dr. Libby Char

Download and Share Home Care Booklet

Mandatory 14-day quarantine for travelers, eviction moratorium also continue

Neighbor Islands: Maui, Kauai & Hawaii

EXHIBIT G,

Who is next in line for vaccinations?

New resource! Booklet helps you and your loved ones develop a COVID-19 care plan

Every1ne Hawaii -

Location:

District 3

The legislative branch will reopen beginning June 1, 2020

AGENDA

effective June 16

Public and private golf courses

5. Should I wear two masks?

long-term care facility residents

Longs Drugs pharmacies begin offering COVID-19 vaccinations daily

If you are a senior age 75 or older, you are now eligible to register for the COVID-19 vaccine.

View List of Vaccination Providers

District 2 (Makiki to ʻAiea) -

Department of Environmental Services:

Plan to Make Your Vaccination Appointment

kp.org/register

Public Transportation - TheBus and TheHandi-Van:

District 4 (Waialua to Waimānalo) -

Kū Makani crisis counseling hours:

Hawaii State Energy Office

Certain real estate services.

Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery & Resiliency Plan

appointment only.

Natural Energy Laboratory of Hawaii Authority

New service simplifies COVID-19 vaccination registration process for kūpuna

New and used car and truck dealerships

Vaccinations expand to Hawai‘i residents 60+ on Monday

Learn More About Variant Detection in Hawai‘i

indoor

Department of Human Resources Development

Department of Health, State Laboratories

Hawaii Quarantine Kapu Breakers

Department of Health

Mobile service providers

CVS cannot administer vaccinations to walk-in customers without an appointment.

2. Should I be concerned about this new U.K. variant?

County of Maui

SafePaths -

Department of the Attorney General -

GDP History, Outlook, and Potential Sector Growth:

Learn more about the Kūpuna Call Center

Airlines for America

Services provided on a one-one-one bases

Department of Transportation

Department of Transportation – Airports Division

Phase 1-B

TO FILE A CLAIM OR CHECK YOUR STATUS

Creative Industries Division

View Vaccine FAQs

**

Hawaii Tourism Authority

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 16, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 17, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

Registration:

https://www.cvs.com/immunizations/covid-19-vaccine

Phase 2:

PLEASE NOTE:

Clinic Hours of Operation:

3. Will the COVID-19 vaccines protect me from the variants?

Who is eligible to get the vaccine right now?

View the Latest Data on COVID-19 Cases and Vaccinations

Kathleen Merriam

District 3 (Pearlridge to Waiʻanae to Wahiawā) -

frontline essential workers

Locations:

Caroline Cadirao

View Hawaii's Vaccine Timeline and Who's Next in Line

Tracking Hawaiiʻs progress: How are we doing as a state?

Foreign Trade Zone Division

View 5 Things You Can Do to Avoid Vaccine Scams

Hawaii Pacific Health

Department of Parks and Recreation:

District 4

City and County of Honolulu

Neighborhood Board Commission:

Phase 1a:

Phase 1b:

Driver’s licensing and Satellite City Halls:

Department of Health expands mental health assistance in response to the ongoing pandemic

DOH TO PARTNER WITH PHARMACIES STATEWIDE TO PROVIDE COVID-19 VACCINE

District 1

View Fast Facts About the COVID-19 Vaccine

Summer Fun Sites 2020:

Veterans Affairs

View Directory of Vaccination Providers

98-1005 Moanalua Rd #400 Aiea, HI 96701

health care workers

Hawaii Agriculture Foundation

Download the essential workers vaccination toolkit

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency

ages 65 to 74

Department of Taxation

over the age of 75

4. What is the state doing to stop the spread?

SUPERINTENDENT SAYS SCHOOLS COULD REALISTICALLY REOPEN FULLY IN FALL 2021; SOME HIGH SCHOOLS CAN HOLD LIMITED IN-PERSON COMMENCEMENT CEREMONIES

Phase 1-A

Clinic Hours of Operation

Hawaii Technology Development Corporation

 <tag> p




Ala Pu‘umalu Community Park

Due to the pandemic, the State Capitol building remains closed to the public at this time.

Sen. Schatz reports that an estimated 33,000 people in Hawai‘i will benefit from the allotment.

Hau‘ula Community Park

Please visit the Kū Makani website and social media for details about the program, services, upcoming events and island-specific resources: https://www.kumakani.org

In addition, social distancing requirements remain in place across the state through the end of May.

Mr. Alan Oshima, Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery and Resiliency Navigator

2:30 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

As we look forward to the freedom that lower numbers and more vaccinations promise, we must all show our spirit of kīnā‘ole. Doing the right thing, in the right way, in the right place, for the right reason, with the right feeling! This spirit of kīnā‘ole has contributed to Hawaii’s hopeful trends, so let’s continue to maintain safe physical distancing and wear our face masks, and not become complacent.

County of Kaua'i

Mr. Dennis Ling, Administrator

The Hawai‘i State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 sent letters to Hawai‘i Supreme Court Chief Justice Mark Recktenwald and Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell expressing concerns about the enforcement of the travel quarantine orders put into effect by Governor David Ige.

1)Are the variants here in Hawai‘i? Multiple variants that cause COVID-19 are circulating globally, and two variants have been detected in Hawai‘i. Specimens from four people in Hawai‘i contained a molecular “clue” associated with the U.K. variant. While scientists are working to learn more about how widely these new variants have spread, Hawai‘i residents and visitors should act as if the variants are already circulating in our state. 2. Should I be concerned about this new U.K. variant? “It’s cause for concern but not panic,” says Dr. Sarah Kemble, acting state epidemiologist. The U.K. variant spreads more easily and quickly than other variants, which may lead to more cases of COVID-19. State labs are collecting samples from patients across all islands to proactively get a head start. 3. Will the COVID-19 vaccines protect me from the variants? So far, studies suggest that antibodies your body has or will develop through vaccination recognize these variants. This is good news about the effectiveness of the vaccine. Close investigation and more studies are underway. 4. What is the state doing to stop the spread? Vaccinations statewide are underway. As of Thursday, 189,446 doses have been administered. Because some variants are highly contagious, they will affect how many people in Hawai‘i will need to get the vaccine to stop or slow it in its tracks. When it’s your turn to get a shot, don’t hesitate. This has become a race between the virus and the vaccine. 5. Should I wear two masks? It’s recommended that masks have two or more layers, which can be achieved by doubling masks. If you do choose to double mask, make sure the masks cover your mouth and nose and that you can breathe comfortably through them. As our state awaits receiving more vaccine supply for our kūpuna and essential workers, it is more important than ever to rigorously follow safe practices, including wearing a face mask, physical distancing, hand hygiene, gathering safely, and isolation and quarantine. Small actions will make a big difference in limiting the spread of the virus and protecting our communities.

Senate President Ronald D. Kouchi, State House Speaker Scott K. Saiki, Senator Donovan M. Dela Cruz, and Representative Sylvia Luke announced the Legislature’s comprehensive plan to use $635 million in federal CARES Act funds to provide ongoing, immediate relief to residents and small businesses who are suffering from the devastating economic shutdown caused by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. The plan aims to support and reinforce the social safety net for our residents, rebuild and move our economy forward, and address the ongoing pandemic.

Pacific International Space Center for Exploration Systems

Finally, Wednesdays are for P through Z.

Sunset Beach Recreation Center

Hawaiian Electric has suspended service disconnections for nonpayment through June 30 to ensure customers’ electricity needs are met as stay-at-home orders are extended due to the coronavirus pandemic.

O‘ahu kūpuna who donʻt feel comfortable with the online registration process can now call AUW's 2-1-1 hotline to receive help scheduling a COVID-19 vaccination appointment. Kūpuna age 65 and above may call the hotline 7 a.m.-10 p.m. seven days a week. Language translation is available. AUW's team of trained specialists will take basic information from callers and then St. Francis Healthcare System will call back to walk kūpuna through the registration process. Transportation to the vaccination site is also available for eligible individuals.“Kūpuna make up a significant percentage of our state’s total population, and the Executive Office on Aging and our Policy Advisory Board on Elderly Affairs have been tireless advocates of vaccination access for our kūpuna,” said Caroline Cadirao, Director of the state’s Executive Office on Aging. “We’ve listened to concerns and insights from the community, leveraged the expertise of our partners, and came up with this solution. It speaks to the power of collaboration.” The call center is a collaborative effort by the State of Hawai‘i Executive Office on Aging, City and County of Honolulu's Elderly Affairs Division, Aloha United Way and St. Francis Healthcare System.

Accommodations are available upon request to persons with disabilities. Please call (808) 768-3003 or send an email to parks@honolulu.gov at least five days prior to the event.

Research & Economic Analysis

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be streamed live online at olelo.org/49.

Appointments for in-office visits to satellite city halls will be available starting June 29. To make an online appointment, visit www.alohaq.org

The following lists describe the population groups of each allocation phase:

The City opened online appointments for residents whose Hawai‘i driver licenses or state identification cards expire this year in March, April, May, June and July. This is after the state announced its intent to allow licenses and identification cards that expire between March 16 and June 30 to remain valid through Sept. 30.

Business Development & Support Division

For patrons who placed their holds during the closure, their item(s) are ready for pick up after the patron schedules a Library Take Out appointment time to pick up their item(s).

Oahu beaches opened over the weekend, May 16, for activities based on approved guidelines issued by the City and County of Honolulu. In addition to those activities already allowed (e.g., ocean access and exercise), beaches or sand bars within the City may also be utilized with the following restrictions: a. All groups are limited to members of the same household or living unit. b. No group can exceed ten persons. c. All persons using the beach, who are not part of members of the same household or living unit, shall comply with Social Distancing Requirements, provided that a caregiver may accompany a dependent. d. The beach or sand area may only be used one-half hour before sunrise to one-half hour after sunset, unless the person is engaged in shore fishing or permitted outdoor exercise. e. All other State of Hawaiʻi or City restrictions related to COVID-19 must be followed, including, but not limited to, any applicable quarantine restrictions. If you have any questions on Mayor Caldwell’s Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order 2.0, as amended, visit the website, oneoahu.org to find answers to some frequently asked questions. If you still do not find an answer to your question on the site, O‘ahu residents can call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov. The City and County of Honolulu COVID-19 information call center remains open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on holidays.

An online tutorial is available to assist the public with creating their account and profile. Click here to view it.

Hawaii will soon be opening COVID-19 vaccinations to those age 70+ as the state receives more doses of the vaccine. Currently, kupuna age 75+ are eligible to get vaccinated. The Hawaii State Department of Health will announce when vaccination sites begin to accept registrations for this next group of people age 70+. For the latest info on vaccine registration: https://hawaiicovid19.com/vaccination-registration/

County of Hawai'i

For the first time, Kishimoto offered more details on what that timeline looks like, saying public schools in Hawaii won’t reopen fully to in-person instruction before the fall.

Kahalu‘u Community Park

Procedures for written and road driving-test applications are being reviewed and will be announced at a later time.

Kāne‘ohe Community & Senior Center

The Hawaii State Public Library System announced its statewide launch of Library Take Out at 47 of our 51 public libraries. Starting Tuesday, May 26th, library patrons may now schedule a Library Take Out appointment time to pick up their hold item(s) at their favorite library.

The modified Summer Fun Program will be offered on weekdays, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. from Wednesday July, 1 through Tuesday, July 28 (excluding the holiday on Friday, July 3).

Pacific Palisades Community Park

Gov. David Ige signed a 6th supplementary emergency proclamation extending the stay-at-home order across the state through May 31.

Also included in the amended Ho‘oulu i Honolulu 3.0, a replacement of Order 3 relating to indoor and outdoor gatherings. Effective immediately, outdoor gatherings of up to ten individuals are permitted as long as physical distancing is maintained between the groups of up to ten individuals to the extent possible. Outdoor events involving a total of 100 individuals or more are still prohibited.

If you require special assistance, please call 586-6800 or email your request to waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov.

Modifications to the timetable include:

The eviction moratorium, which prevents any eviction from a residential dwelling for failure to pay rent, also remains in effect through May 31.

Click here to view more information, including school sites and pick-up times.

Chaminade University - Dr. Lynn Babington, President

The Special Committee will reconvene tomorrow to hear from the following departments and organizations:

Legislative Timetable: Both the Senate and House have agreed on a modified timetable that has the legislative session convening on January 20, 2021 and adjourning sine die on April 29, 2021.

The Hawai‘i Department of Health is partnering with a number of pharmacies to conduct drive-through vaccination events or in-home vaccinations.

Eligibility will be based on current and projected vaccination numbers, appointment availability--and most importantly--the amount of vaccine allocated and available.

The letter to Mayor Caldwell lists the actions taken by the Hawai‘i Department of Transportation to screen and verify passenger information and require compliance with the state’s quarantine orders, but says that the public is consistently reporting “travelers blatantly violating” the quarantine.

Participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations.

For more information on the Aloha Safe Travels app, go to https://www.wearealohasafe.org.

Temperature checks will continue at airports across the state. Anyone with a temperature higher than 100.4 degrees or who is experiencing other symptoms will be required to undergo a secondary screening at the airport with trained healthcare staff.

District 3

Hō‘ae‘ae Community Park

Retail establishments should meet the following guidelines:

View List of Vaccination Providers

Testing for regular PCR (nose swab) will be conducted as it has been done previously. If one desires this testing, the attending doctor will determine who should be tested. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head here. Testing will be offered without charge for those without insurance.

Walk-in-and-wait transactions will not be offered. The public can continue to do express payment services, such as water bill payments and annual vehicle registration renewals, via online, mail-in or by 24/7 kiosk options.

This would free up appointment slots for transactions that can more efficiently be completed in-person, such as applying for a disability-parking permit, junking a vehicle or performing complicated motor vehicle transactions related to a lost title or difficult registrations.

Kāne‘ohe District Park

Plan to Make Your Vaccination Appointment

The special committee will convene to assess and advise the Senate regarding the State of Hawaii's COVID-19 plans and procedures for reopening the economy and the plans for economic recovery.

In 2020, the Coronavirus 19 (COVID-19) pandemic heightened these development goals, by shedding light on key areas that must be addressed to further our sustainable development goals and create a more sustainable Hawaii. The Sustainable Development Goals the State Senate are prioritizing are:

Kalākaua District Park

Ms. Angela Keen

Learn More About Variant Detection in Hawai‘i

You probably donʻt need an expert to tell you that the COVID-19 pandemic is taking a toll on our individual and collective mental health. Even for those of us lucky enough not to be touched by the actual virus, the impact on our daily lives is stressful at best. And for many facing unemployment and financial, work or family distress, it can be devastating. Some experts predict the mental health repercussions will last long after the virus is under control. Hawai‘i is staying ahead of the curve by ramping up counseling and an array of services to help residents experiencing anxiety, depression, panic or just feeling overwhelmed as the pandemic reaches the one-year milestone this month. Thatʻs the motivation and mission behind the Department of Health’s new program “Kū Makani—The Hawai‘i Resiliency Project.” This service launched in January and offers dedicated crisis counseling to callers facing emotional fallout related to the COVID-19 pandemic. There are also virtual events for individuals and groups of all ages as well as island-specific resources and referrals. “It is normal to experience difficulty with adapting to the new challenges of managing work, school, family, or home due to COVID-19, to feel isolated or anxious, or to worry about meeting basic needs like having enough food or access to healthcare,” says Kathleen Merriam, Team Leader for Kū Makani. “If you or someone you love needs support, don’t be afraid to reach out.” Kū Makani is named for the Hawaiian plant ʻaʻaliʻi kū makani—which grows well in strong winds, reflecting a spirit of resilience in challenging circumstances. The program was made possible through a partnership with CARE Hawaii, Inc. and funded by a $2 million federal government grant from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA).

Are You Fully Vaccinated?

12:30 p.m. Airlines for America

Hawaii Quarantine Kapu Breakers

The committee will be meeting with the following to discuss enforcement of the 14-day quarantine and stay-at-home orders:

The Special Committee on COVID-19 will meet tomorrow with the following:

Certain designated businesses and operations in the City and County of Honolulu will be allowed to re-open on May 15, by following specific guidelines as detailed Emergency Order No. 2020-10. The Amended and Restated Stay at Home/Work from Home Order, now under the new name “Ho‘oulu i Honolulu” or “Restore Honolulu” Order, incorporates all prior Emergency Orders, including the wearing of non-medical grade face coverings, social distancing requirements, and the limited opening of City parks.

Effective Friday, June 19, indoor gatherings of up to ten individuals (regardless of household or living unit affiliation) would be allowed to resume on O‘ahu. Indoor events involving over 50 individuals are still prohibited.

Pālolo Valley District Park

GDP History, Outlook, and Potential Sector Growth:

If you miss your day, don’t worry, Thursdays through Sundays are open.

94-1480 Moaniani St, Waipahu

DPR is privileged to participate in the Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) in conjunction with Summer Fun.

1010 Pensacola St, Honolulu

For the other eight satellite city halls on O‘ahu, precautions are in place to ensure the safety of customers and employees, who will be required to wear facial coverings and remain six-feet apart from others during all in-office transactions.

Department of Transportation

Today the Hawai‘i Department of Health announced the state will extend COVID-19 vaccine eligibility to people age 60 and older beginning Monday, March 29.

Ala Wai Community Park

In the past two months, about 12.5% of Hawai‘i residents have received their first dose of a COVID-19 vaccine. We are making progress in administering the vaccinations to high-risk and top-priority groups. To date, slightly more than half, or 55%, of kūpuna age 75 and above have been vaccinated with at least one dose. Unfortunately, severe winter storms on the continental U.S. are affecting shipments to our islands this week and some appointments had to be postponed. We will keep distributing vaccines as soon as we get them--to reach as many Hawai‘i residents as possible as quickly as possible.

Kamehameha Community Park

Phase 2:

The COVID-19 vaccine is now available at the Neal Blaisdell Concert Hall for adults 75 years of age and older. Vaccinations are by appointment only.

‘Ewa Mahiko District Park

The City and County of Honolulu is pleased to announce it is supporting more drive-thru COVID-19 testing this week.

View the Latest Data on COVID-19 Cases and Vaccinations

The City and County of Honolulu announced that it has reopened its online appointment system for driver license and state identification card services.

Below are those online registration dates and procedures which are determined by geographic park district. All dates and times are Hawai‘i Standard Time:

Customers should NOT worry about their power being shut off due to nonpayment through the end of June, and any threat of immediate disconnection unless payment is made received before June 30 should be treated as a scam. Customers experiencing financial hardship because of the pandemic are urged to contact Hawaiian Electric to discuss payment arrangements and options.

Addressing the public health needs of the COVID-19 pandemic is another pillar to the comprehensive funding plan. “The Legislature’s plan devotes $100 million to distribute ample sanitation and PPE supplies for essential workers beyond the health care community including child care facilities, elderly care homes, small businesses, schools, and non-profits that work with populations vulnerable to the coronavirus,” said Senate President Ronald Kouchi.

Tracking Hawaiiʻs progress: How are we doing as a state?

Safety Protocols: The Senate is reinforcing pre-existing protocols and implementing several new measures to prevent and mitigate the spread of COVID-19 while maintaining an open and transparent legislative process.

Kaiser Permanente members must schedule an appointment through an e-Visit. For more information, please visit https://healthy.kaiserpermanente.org/hawaii/health-wellness/coronavirus-information/covid-vaccine . If you’re unable to schedule your appointment online, call (808) 432-2000 (TTY 711), Mon – Fri, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

The Senate's primary budgetary focus will be on deploying the existing federal CARES Act money,” said Senate President Kouchi.

Dr. Bruce Anderson, Director

Satellite city halls across O‘ahu will start reopening July 1 for regular in-office service on an appointment-only basis.

Kaiser Waipio Medical Office

Those whose last name starts with H through O should file on Tuesdays.

1:30 p.m.

Parking: No charge. Enter from King St. into Blaisdell Parking Lot. ADA accommodations available.

Tomorrow, May 8, Kalihi Kai Urgent Care will conduct testing at ʻEwa Beach Community Park. Testing will be from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.

‘Aiea District Park

Antibody testing determines whether a patient was exposed to COVID-19 and now has antibodies against the virus; it is not used to determine whether someone currently has the disease. The test also does not tell you whether or not you may be susceptible to getting COVID-19 again. Patients should discuss results with their healthcare provider to understand what the results mean for them.

Mākaha Community Park

The Hawai‘i State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 will hold a meeting beginning at 1 p.m. today, live on ‘Ōlelo channel 49 on O‘ahu and http://olelo.org/49. The State Capitol remains closed to the public.

Download the essential workers vaccination toolkit

Phase 2 similarly applies to the outdoor team sports included in Phase 1, but incorporates competitive team play.

2021-25-02-Commencement and Transition Ceremony Guidelines for School Year 2020-21.pdf (hawaiipublicschools.org)

DATE: Wednesday, August 19, 2020 TIME: 1:30 p.m. PLACE: Conference Room 211 THE STATE CAPITOL IS CLOSED TO THE PUBLIC DURING THE ONGOING COVID-19 EPIDEMIC A live stream of all Senate Standing Committee meetings will be available online. Selected hearings will also be broadcast live on ‘Ōlelo Community Media. AGENDA 1:30 p.m. Department of Human Resources Development (ZOOM) Mr. Ryker Wada, Director 2:00 p.m. Hawaii Emergency Management Agency (ZOOM) Major General Kenneth Hara, Incident Commander 3:00 p.m. Department of Education (ZOOM) [HARD STOP @ 4pm] Dr. Christina Kishimoto, Superintendent 4:00 p.m. Department of Health - Behavioral Health Services Administration (ZOOM) Mr. Edward Mersereau, Deputy Director No public testimony will be accepted. If you require other auxiliary aids or services to participate in the public hearing process (i.e., interpretive services (oral or written) or ASL interpreter), please contact the committee clerk at least 24 hours prior to the hearing so that arrangements can be made. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION, PLEASE CALL THE COMMITTEE CLERK AT (808) 586-6800.

The 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation, EXHIBIT G, lists the businesses/operations designated for re-opening, and outlines specific safety guidelines for each. It also includes county-specific requirements. For example, retail businesses on Oʻahu may not open until May 15, 2020, and Maui County will not allow retail, most repair shops and malls to reopen at this time.

Are you eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Hawaii?

The special committee will be meeting with the following:

Wahiawā District Park

Gov. Ige has approved Mayor Kirk Caldwell’s proposal to allow singing and/or playing of wind instruments at indoor and outdoor restaurants/bars, with some restrictions.

In order to balance the childcare needs of our island community with the safety guidelines established due to COVID-19, there will be significant changes to the number of keiki that our facilities and staff can accommodate, the activities offered, and overall program procedures:

Over 34,000 households are expected to receive help from the plan’s $100 million funded rental and housing assistance subsidies. The State’s most financially vulnerable households will receive rental assistance in the form of a $500 monthly subsidy or 50% of rent, whichever is lesser, for up to five months from August 1 to December 31.

Some changes include:

Throughout the 2021 Legislative Session, all Senate proceedings will be live-streamed on the Hawai‘i State Senate's YouTube page. In addition to the live streams, the Senate will continue working with public access television providers on all islands to broadcast Senate committee hearings and floor sessions. Members will be given the option to participate in all proceedings either in-person or remotely via videoconference. The public will have the opportunity to provide testimony in writing and via videoconference through the Legislature's website, allowing broader participation for those who previously were unable to get to the State Capitol.

The public is reminded that the parking lot at the Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be closed to the public until 3 p.m. to allow for breakdown of testing tents and clearing of cones and barriers. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Vaccine eligibility on all islands will expand Monday, April 5 to include essential workers in construction, banking and finance, communications, media, retail, information technology, clergy, and transportation and logistics.

Gov. Ige issued the initial emergency proclamation for COVID-19 on Mar. 4, 2020 followed by:

Crestview Community Park

Wai‘anae District Park

Hawaii Pacific Health is administering vaccines at the Pier 2 Cruise Terminal, located at 521 Ala Moana Blvd, Honolulu. As of today, February 25, 2021, all Oahu appointments are full. Additional appointments will be added as more vaccine becomes available. Please check https://www.hawaiipacifichealth.org/hph-covid-19-updates/vaccine-update/

Florists statewide will be allowed to deliver flowers starting this Friday. Gov. Ige has given permission for florists to get back to business May 1, this after the governor himself revoked just two days ago a special exemption florists got for a 10-day window around Mother’s Day.

Kaiser Permanente

Waialua District Park

The stay-at-home order means residents may leave their homes only for various essential needs, including healthcare, purchasing food, medicine, gasoline, taking care of the elderly, minors, or those with disabilities, returning to a place of residence outside of Hawai‘i, picking up educational materials for distance learning, receiving meals or other related services. Outdoor exercise is also permitted – including swimming, surfing and walking pets.

The DOE has created guidelines to set limits on the number of people who can greet graduates and where the celebrations can take place.

The emergency proclamation lifts the quarantine requirement for inter-island travelers effective 12:01 a.m. on June 16, 2020. However, it also leaves in place the quarantine requirement for out-of-state travelers. The governor has the authority to make exemptions for transit corridors/bubbles.

The Senate floor session will convene at 11:30 a.m. on Monday, June 22, with hearings getting underway that morning. The session is scheduled to adjourn on Friday, July 10. The new legislative timetable is available here: https://www.capitol.hawaii.gov/docs/2020calendar.pdf

All Residents 16+ Are Becoming Eligible April 19

Phase 1-B: Began in December and is expected to be completed in May, focuses on those over the age of 75 not included in phase 1-A and frontline essential workers. The list of frontline essential workers includes:

The State Capitol building will remain closed to the public at least through June 30, 2020. Entry into the building will continue to be limited through the main double glass doors on the basement level from 7:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., and the National Guard will continue temperature screening everyone entering the building. Entry will be limited to employees and authorized guests. For more details, please read the memo dated May 22, 2020, from the Comptroller: Revised - Capitol Security Access Procedures

The Hawai‘i State Senate Committee on Ways and Means today deferred pay raises for legislators and state officials this year that had been recommended by the Salary Commission prior to the COVID-19 pandemic.

In addition, running, jogging or walking on the beach will be permitted, as long as social distancing requirements are observed.

Mānana Community Park

For more information, please visit their website at librarieshawaii.org.

1. Patrons go to HSPLS Library Catalog and place a hold on any item(s) they want to borrow, or they may call their favorite library branch to place a hold with our staff.

Our Public Health Nurses aren’t able to visit every home with a COVID-19 patient. So they looked for another way to deliver the detailed information these patients and caregivers need. They brought this dilemma to state and community partners and brainstormed the best way to help. The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency (Emergency Support Function) ESF-8, Community Care/Outreach Unit team conducted extensive statewide surveys of residents and families, as well as health and social service providers, about their needs and concerns during this pandemic.

This year registration will be conducted primarily online thanks to new software developed by the Honolulu Department of Information Technology. The software is called Parks and Recreation Online System, or PROS, and works best using the Google Chrome web browser.

Starting today, more people are eligible to get vaccinated in Hawaii. People age 65 and older, individuals with high-risk medical conditions, as well as essential workers listed in phase 1C, now qualify to get the vaccine, though there will be an emphasis on certain groups. You can read more about that here, as well as register to get vaccinated: https://hawaiicovid19.com/vaccination-registration/

District 3 (Pearlridge to Waiʻanae to Wahiawā) - ph. (808) 768-6889

Online Registration begins Saturday, June 20 at 9 a.m.

All in-office transactions will be served on an appointment-only basis. Masks or face coverings are required during in-office visits.

12:00 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

Moanalua Community Park

Ms. Susan Ballard, Chief of Police

Members of the Hawaii Executive Collaborative will present on a tourism recovery plan to create a task force to establish a travel bubble corridor. The corridor is for travel by two regions, both of which contained the virus, and who agree to a quarantine-free travel zone.

The state Department of Transportation will require thermal screening at the airport for everyone traveling inter-island. HDOT will also require travelers to fill out a new form that will now also ask for health-related information to assist the state in tracking and responding to new COVID-19 cases.

The changes are related to:

AlohaSafe Alert works in a simple 5-step process: download, diagnose, verify, notify and quarantine. When you download the app, your phone will send random IDs out to other users with the app. If you test positive and anonymously share your diagnosis to the app, it will let others know instantly of exposure without any of your personal information at all. Let’s all work together to slow the spread of the virus and keep our community safe.

Please use this toolkit to help our community build confidence in COVID-19 vaccination. This information will help you and your workers stay educated and informed, as well as know what to expect when it's your turn to receive the vaccine. Essential workers can now register for an appointment at vaccination sites throughout the state.

Ms. Clare Connors, Attorney General

CVS/Longs Drugs

The Executive Office on Early Learning is working closely with the Department of Human Services and other agencies and stakeholders to coordinate early childhood care during the COVID-19 crisis. The departments have announced subsidy changes to its assistance program for families and providers and are encouraging more families to apply. Get more information about applying to Child Care Connection Hawai‘i online by clicking on this link - bit.ly/ApplyCCCH.

This software utilizes the same HNL.Info log-in that many O‘ahu residents already possess. We encourage the public to create an HNL.Info account and a PROS profile ahead of registration by visiting: https://pros.hnl.info.

Every1ne Hawaii - Mr. Robert Kurisu, Co-Founder

The amended bill notes that in expectation of an economic downturn due to COVID-19, “the State Council on Revenues lowered its fiscal year 2021 forecast from four per cent to zero per cent, meaning that the State will have about $225,000,000 less in revenues than expected.”

11:30 a.m. - Department of Taxation, Ms. Rona Suzuki, Director

3:30 p.m. Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

Test participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Out-of-state travelers arriving in Hawai‘i must get a PCR test prior to arrival from any testing location approved by the Hawai‘i State Department of Health. Evidence of a negative test result must be provided upon arrival in Hawai‘i. Without this, passengers arriving from out-of-state will be subject to the 14-day quarantine. No testing will be provided upon arrival at the airport.

The plan sets aside $230 million to support unemployed residents until the end of the year. “These critical funds will provide a new state unemployment insurance weekly benefit that replaces the weekly federal plus-up payments set to expire July 31,” explained Senator Dela Cruz, Chair of the Senate Ways and Means Committee. “Beginning August 1, an estimated 117,000 unemployed individuals will receive the State’s enhanced weekly unemployment benefit of $100.”

⚠️ You never have to pay to get your name on a vaccination list. ⚠️ You can’t pay to “jump the line” and get earlier access to the vaccine. ⚠️ No legitimate vaccine provider will call and ask for your Social Security, bank account or credit card number. Do not answer a call from an unknown number or from an unfamiliar location. If in doubt, hang up and report the call to SMP Hawaii at (808) 586-7281, or visit www.smphawaii.org to learn about recent scams. For more info https://hawaiicovid19.com/vaccinebeware/

Oahu (808) 832-3100 Neighbor Islands: Maui, Kauai & Hawaii 1 (800) 753-6879 Kū Makani crisis counseling hours: 4:00 p.m. - 9:00 p.m. Monday-Friday 9:00a.m. – 9:00 p.m. Saturday & Sunday

According to the Department of Health, the state is expected bring up its total amount of doses received to over 80,000 doses.

PRESCHOOL OPEN DOORS PROGRAM ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS

Mānoa Valley District Park

District 2

If you are in this vaccination group, please follow these instructions:

Mayor Caldwell’s proposal includes the Friday, May 29th resumption of operations with modifications for “personal service providers” including:

Food Service Program:

4. Anyone with unexplained respiratory illness since January 2020 who were never tested for COVID-19

Please note that there may be committee members or invited speakers participating remotely via video or teleconference.

Whitmore Community Park

The Hawaii State Legislature will reconvene next Monday, May 11th. This reconvened session is expected to be about 6-10 days to address state budget issues and for the Senate to take up confirmation hearings for various state boards and commissions. The Ways and Means and Finance Committees will need to consider an estimated $1 billion in budget cuts from the $8 billion general fund budget, while minimizing cuts to social services or pay cuts or furloughs. All meetings and hearings will be broadcast live on Olelo; however, the public will not be able to attend, and written testimony will be excepted via submission.

Antibody Testing will be through actual blood draw. Licensed practitioners will be on site to conduct this test, and the samples are sent to local labs for analysis and reporting. The testing will be free if covered by the patient’s insurance, but a charge of $40 will be made to each patient without insurance by local labs who will bill the patients. Those only taking part in the Antibody Testing will not need to self-quarantine. The following categories of individuals are encouraged to be tested by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi:

Download and Share Home Care Booklet

The bill defers all salary increases slated for this fiscal year for members of the legislature, the governor, lieutenant governor, justices and judges of all state courts, administrative director of the State or an equivalent position, and department heads or executive officers and the deputies or assistants to the department heads or executive officers of the departments.

Kauluwela Community Park

Mr. Ross Higashi, Deputy Director

Gov. Ige signed a 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation that authorizes the first group of businesses to re-open since the COVID-19 pandemic forced the temporary closure of non-essential businesses across the state on Mar. 25.

2. Healthcare Workers and First Responders

New resource! Booklet helps you and your loved ones develop a COVID-19 care plan

Anderson said he is optimistic the process will go well. He said the hospital is expecting another tray next week that is specifically allocated for second doses.

The Hawai‘i State Senate is scheduled to resume its 2020 session June 22 to July 10. Committees will be considering a limited number of critical bills that were put on hold when the Senate was forced to recess in mid-March due to COVID-19. The Senate will also be allocating additional federal funding from the CARES Act.

Kahala Community Park

The Legislature is currently in recess, pursuant to S.C.R. No. 244.

Ms. Jade Fountain-Tanigawa, County Clerk

Gov. David Ige signed a ninth supplementary emergency proclamation that extends the COVID-19 emergency period through July 31.

Letter to Mayor Caldwell

The City and County of Honolulu COVID-19 information call center remains open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on holidays. O‘ahu residents are encouraged to visit the website, oneoahu.org to get answers to frequently asked questions about Mayor Caldwell’s “Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order”. If they do not find an answer to their questions on the site, residents can call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov.

She says summer classes could also be held in-person. Additionally, the state Department of Education announced on February 25 that limited, in-person commencements can be held this year.

As vaccines become more widely available, the Hawaii Department of Health (HDOH) has suggested moving towards the second allocation phase for the COVID-19 vaccine. This means that the following Phase 1b essential workers will be given initial priority at this time:

Driver’s licensing and Satellite City Halls: All six of the driver licensing centers in the City and County of Honolulu are open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. The online appointment system for appoints for driver licenses and state identification services can be accessed at alohaq.org. The system has been revised to serve the greatest needs first. For assistance with making an appointment, call: (808) 768-4177. Masks or face coverings are required during all in-office visits. For more information, visit honolulu.gov.csd. The Kapahulu Vehicle Reconstruction Inspection Station in the City and County of Honolulu is open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. For assistance, call: (808) 768-4325.

The annual Hawaii State Judiciary juror questionnaires will soon be mailed to individuals who have a Hawaii state driver’s license or are registered to vote in Hawaii. Beginning August 3, approximately 235,000 juror questionnaires will be mailed to 85,000 residents on Oahu, 55,000 in Maui County, 70,000 on Hawaii Island, and 25,000 on Kauai. They are used to help select potential jurors who may be eligible to serve in 2021. Individuals are selected at random. Anyone receiving a questionnaire has 10 days to complete and return it to the Jury Pool Office in the envelope provided. Those who fail to respond may be penalized. To be eligible to serve as a juror, you must be at least 18 years old, a citizen of the United States, a resident of Hawaii, and able to read and understand English. The Hawaii State Department of Health is in varying stages of reviewing and approving the circuit courts’ health-and-safety plans to resume jury selection and jury trials. The plan includes touchless temperature scans and CDC-recommended screening questions before entering a courthouse; required face coverings; enforced social distancing measures; and increased cleaning and disinfecting of our facilities.

Clinic Hours of Operation : 8:00 am – 6:30 pm The line is open Monday – Friday, 7:30 am – 5 pm Closed Tuesday

New service simplifies COVID-19 vaccination registration process for kūpuna

The committee asked that he consider the public’s safety and issue a directive to judges to require bail prior to release and conditions such as ankle bracelets for quarantine violators.

3. Front line tourism industry workers with direct exposure to visitors

Mr. Jade Butay, Director

Neighborhood Board Commission: Neighborhood boards will resume public meetings beginning June 1. Physical distancing requirements are followed. For meeting information, please contact the NCO at 768-3710, email nco@honolulu.gov, or visit the office’s website at honolulu.gov/nco.

Under the CARES Act, Hawai'i has been given a total of $862,823,978 to support the State and smaller Counties. A separate allocation of $387,176,021 was provided to the City & County of Honolulu. The Senate has proposed allocating the funds in a responsible, prudent and conservative expenditure approach to meet both statewide and county needs. Below are some highlights. $175 million to support the various counties;

County of Maui

City and County of Honolulu’s proposal to Governor David Ige has been approved to allow for the safe reopening of the following designated business and operations with limitations as outlined in the replacement Exhibit A of the Emergency Order No. 2020-15 (Amendment to Ho‘oulu i Honolulu 3.0), effective Friday, June 19:

To report a possible self-quarantine violation, contact your county police department at 911. The police have access to all data pertaining to airport arrivals.

City and County of Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell announced a new emergency aid program for Oahu residents. Individuals under financial hardship will be eligible for up to $1,000 for basic needs such as rent and utilities, and up to an additional $500 for basic childcare. The program will begin on May 18.

1. Previous COVID-19 positive individuals and their families and close contacts

Leaders of the Hawaii State Teachers Association, Hawaii Government Employees Association, and United Public Workers agreed with a revised Hawaiʻi State Department of Education recommendation to the school board that will adjust the 2020–21 school year calendar, and start students later - from the original August 4 date to August 17. The deal will need the approval of the Hawaiʻi Board Of Education, which will hold a special meeting this Thursday, July 30, at 1 p.m. Ten-month DOE employees will still report to work as planned on Wednesday, July 29. According to HSTA, the agreement would give educators nine (9) additional days of training and preparation time on top of the regularly scheduled two (2) administration days and two (2) teacher preparation days between July 29 and Aug. 3. The extra time “would allow for training, planning, and preparation for the safe return of students to classrooms.” News of the agreement was shared by the unions to its membership, and a statement from Superintendent Dr. Christina Kishimoto was also posted to the DOE website. “HIDOE leadership has been working with the unions throughout the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure our students get the education they deserve and our employees have a safe work environment,” Dr. Kishimoto said. “We have continued these conversations and reached a conditional agreement today to propose a delayed start for students to accommodate concerns regarding employee training.” “Throughout our discussions, we were mindful that any adjustments to the calendar must focus on educating and supporting students,” Kishimoto said. “We also acknowledge the voice of our families, partners and employees who are not represented by the unions yet are impacted by this decision.” “We will use this time to prepare at yet another level, but I recognize this comes at a cost for public school parents and our students,” the Superintendent concluded. “My expectation is that if the Board approves the two week delay, that our labor partners will do an aggressive push to their members to be at schoolhouse doors on day one for our students.”

Mr. Glen Takahashi, City Clerk

12:45p.m. Department of the Attorney General - Ms. Clare Connors, Attorney General

Testing is being done from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. today, April 22 at The Church of Jesus Christ of the Latter-Day Saints in Wahiawā. Testing will be made available to those without insurance as well. For more information on this testing, please call Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Testimony will be provided by Hawaii Executive Collaborative members Paul Yonamine, Duane Kurisu, and Lori Teranishi. Please note that there may be committee members or invited speakers participating remotely via video or teleconference.

Do you have questions about the COVID-19 vaccines? Learning more about vaccines is an important step to protect our community. Stay updated with the latest information on the COVID-19 vaccines at http://hsalinks.com/3cDLQzT.

**Phase 1-C: Is scheduled to begin in March and run through May, focusing on those ages 65 to 74, as well as those with chronic diseases and essential workers not previously included in Phase 1-A or 1-B. Please check https://hawaiicovid19.com/vaccine/ or https://www.oneoahu.org/vaccine for updates on when this group will be eligible to register for the vaccine.

Department of Transportation – Airports Division

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. The meeting will also be livestreaming on olelo.org/49.

The COVID-19 vaccine is now available at vaccination clinics at Honolulu and Waipio Medical Offices, only for Kaiser Permanente members 75 years of age and older. Vaccinations are by appointment only.

Waipahū District Park

To learn more about #AlohaSafeAlert app, visit alohasafealert.org.

The AlohaSafe Alert app was developed in partnership with the state Department of Health (DOH), aio Digital, Hawai‘i Executive Collaborative and Every1ne Hawaiʻi, to reduce the spread of COVID-19 by notifying users if they have been potentially exposed to the virus.

Kalama Beach Park

Test participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them.

The 2020 Summer Fun Program will not require any fees or payment on the part of the participating families. In the past, Summer Fun registration was done in-person as a result of these prior payments. This resulted in eager parents waiting for hours, sometimes days, at various park locations to secure a spot for their keiki.

https://www.cvs.com/immunizations/covid-19-vaccine

District 2 (Makiki to ʻAiea) - ph. (808) 768-9292

This is also a wonderful resource for any and everyone wanting to learn more about COVID prevention and best practices, such as mask hygiene, recognizing symptoms and contact tracing. Download the Home Care for Persons with COVID-19 booklet or find it under Guidance Documents on HawaiiCOVID19.com/resources/#guidance-documents.

No public testimony will be accepted.

Locations:

O‘ahu residents with a hardship or special need outside these parameters can call (808) 768-4177 for assistance.

Clinic Hours of Operation: Monday - Friday 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. Closed 12 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Saturday 8 a.m. to noon Closed Sunday

The City’s COVID-19 information call center remains open every day from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., except on holidays. Oahu residents are encouraged to visit the website, oneoahu.org for more information on Proclamations, Emergency Orders, Business Resources, and Financial and Housing Assistance Programs in the City and County of Honolulu. If you do not find what you are looking for on the site, please feel free to call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov.

The latest proclamation also allows residents to leave their homes to patronize certain businesses and activities under the new “Safer-at-Home” order.

Hawaii Pacific Health

3:00 p.m. Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery & Resiliency Plan

City and County of Honolulu

Sign up for an easy way to stay informed about getting a COVID-19 vaccine at VA at https://www.va.gov/health-care/covid-19-vaccine/stay-informed. When you sign up, the VA will also ask about your vaccine plans. Your local VA health facility may use this information to determine when to contact you once your risk group becomes eligible. The VA will contact every eligible Veteran in each risk group. You don’t need to sign up to get a vaccine. For more information, visit https://www.va.gov/health-care/covid-19-vaccine/

District 1

Here’s how it works:

Agenda for today's meeting found below. Watch it live on Olelo 49.

The 2020 SFSP is sponsored by the United States Department of Agriculture, and will provide lunch to Summer Fun participants 18 years and younger. SFSP will begin on July 6 and run through July 17 at select, qualified Summer Fun sites. Those participating will be listed on DPR’s website: http://bit.ly/SummerFunOahu

Mililani District Park

The survey will help the Department of Health determine the number of vaccine doses that are required for essential workers in each organization and to streamline the scheduling process and administration of the vaccines.

Leaders from the Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project joined Mayor Caldwell to announce a new program to provide support for the psychological well-being and mental health needs of individuals seeking help during the COVID-19 pandemic. The program, conceptualized by Dr. Lawrie Ignacio and Dr. Graham Taylor and coordinated by the Hawai‘i Psychological Association, offers free mental health services provided by a Pro Bono Service Provider to uninsured residents on Oʻahu and throughout the state. The Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project is a multi-disciplinary initiative that unites several mental health care communities with the common goal of ensuring that more Hawai‘i residents have access to quality mental health care. To ensure proper physical distancing during the Mayor’s “Ho’oulu i Honolulu” Order, all therapy and counseling services under the program will be provided exclusively via online telehealth platforms. People can access the service on a first-come, first-serve basis by logging on to https://www.hawaiipsychology.org/ and clicking on the “Please click HERE for more information” link under the heading: Hawai'i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project. The link will direct the individual seeking services to a description page outlining the terms of the Project, where he or she can then click on another link to submit a request for services. Once a request is submitted, the individual seeking services will be contacted by a Project coordinator who will assist in linking the individual to an available provider. The Project coordinators are asking for patience up front from those seeking mental health services provided by the Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project, as mental health providers are in high demand and matching requests with available providers at any given time may require a waiting period. The program does not offer a triage service, so interested residents may need to contact other community mental health services in order to secure timely services. Additionally, services being provided through the Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project are not suitable for urgent and crisis situations as the Project will not be able to immediately connect individuals in severe distress with an available provider. Those experiencing severe distress, or an emergency, are asked to call emergency and crisis personnel who can provide an immediate response. Along with the City’s 768-CITY information helpline, the City also created a website at www.oneoahu.org to provide information about Mayor Caldwell’s Emergency Order, provide updates on the availability of City services, and direct residents to quality, trusted COVID-19 healthcare information. For residents who do not find the information they are looking for on the website, residents can also email covidresponse@honolulu.gov to ask questions and get a response from City staff. To learn more about the Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project visit https://www.hawaiipsychology.org/.

The public is reminded that parking lots at the two sites will be closed to the public until 2 p.m. to allow for breakdown of testing tents and clearing of cones and barriers. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Fern Community Park

Wailupe Community Park

Mr. Sean Williams, Vice President

Antibody testing determines whether a patient had COVID-19 and now has antibodies against the virus; it is not used to determine whether someone currently has the disease. The test also does not tell you whether or not you may be susceptible to getting COVID again. Patients should discuss results with their healthcare provider to understand what the results mean for them.

As Hawai‘i continues to vaccinate our community and work toward herd immunity, it is important for every resident to understand the importance of getting vaccinated to protect ourselves and those around us.

Mr. Rodrigo Romo, Program Director

Reconstructed vehicle inspection is another in-office visit that will be served strictly on an appointment-only basis.

COVID-19 testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex and Kakaʻako Waterfront Park will be available this weekend. Drive-thru testing for COVID-19 will be offered at both locations, but a new Antibody Testing will be offered as well.

Hawaii Technology Development Corporation

Mr. Scott Nago, Chief Election Officer

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency - Ms. Alexandra Slous, State Disaster Recovery Coordinator

The state Department of Labor and Industrial Relations is kicking off an alphabetical system to ease the burden on the antiquated technology that has crashed multiple times over the past few weeks.

To view the guidelines, head here - https://health.hawaii.gov/coronavirusdisease2019/files/2020/04/What-To-Do-If-You-Have-Been-Tested-For-COVID19_040120.pdf.

Mr. Jon Henricks, County Clerk

The COVID-19 Hardship Relief program will provide funding support to Oahu residents with amounts up to $1,000 per month for qualified household expenses, and up to $500 per month for qualified childcare expenses to aid in lessening economic hardships caused by the pandemic. Each household may receive continued benefits as hardship continues, up to 6 months.

Approach to Job Creation:

Hawai‘i seniors age 75+ may make appointments for both required doses via CVS.com or through the CVS Pharmacy app. Those without online access can call customer service: (800) 746-7287. CVS cannot administer vaccinations to walk-in customers without an appointment.

Honolulu Police Department

The partnering pharmacies throughout the state include: ElixRx Pharmacy, 5 Minute Pharmacy, Foodland Pharmacy, KTA Pharmacy, Pharmacare Hawaii, The Queen’s Medical Center Pharmacy, and Times Pharmacy. As of Friday, the DOH has administered more than 56,000 vaccines and has received 152,650 doses from Moderna and Pfizer-BioNTech combined.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick-up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also stream live online at olelo.org/49.

The Hawaii State Department of Education (HIDOE) Grab-and-Go school meals program will be extended at select meal sites for an extra four days beyond the end of the school year on May 28 and transition to the summer meal program which runs through July 17. Certain schools will provide meals to children 18 years or younger, free of charge, regardless of eligibility for free or reduced price meals.

The special committee will convene to discuss the impact of COVID-19 on the upcoming elections. Specific topics include the number of Voter Service Centers, available drop boxes, and the steps being taken to ensure the health and safety of voters.

Kamilo Iki Community Park

Swanzy Beach Park

Queen’s Health Systems

For Fitness facilities to reopen, operators must limit occupancy to no more than fifty percent of the maximum occupant load, establish physical distancing guidelines (at least six feet), limit locker room access and the number of persons who use amenities of the facilities at the same time, and keep water fountains closed, except for those designed to refill water bottles in a contact-free manner.

For those who do not have computer or internet access, accommodations are available to facilitate their registration into the program. Please call the Summer Fun site for those accommodations. A list of the 65 program sites is included at the bottom of this announcement for your convenience.

Click HERE to read the full press release.

4:15 p.m. Department of Taxation

Library Take Out service is not available at the following libraries: Liliha, McCully, Pearl City and the Hawaii State Library. No book donations will be accepted at this time.

Phase 1c:

More COVID-19 testing will be available at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex and Kakaʻako Waterfront Park this weekend. Drive-thru testing for COVID-19 will be offered at both locations, but a new Antibody Testing will be offered as well.

For each location, follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. This is part of an effort to do focused testing in communities across Oʻahu. Results of the testing will be used to identify COVID-19 “Hot Spots” to help in their containment.

To help lessen demand for appointments, 50,000 letters were sent to O‘ahu residents who qualify to renew their driver licenses or state identification cards either online or by mail. In addition, the federal government announced in April that the start date for REAL ID enforcement has been extended by 12 months to Oct. 1, 2021.

Public Access: Since the State Capitol building will be closed to the public, the Senate will be conducting all committee hearings and floor session virtually. Members of the public will have the opportunity to provide testimony in writing and via videoconference, allowing broader participation by those who previously were not able to get to the State Capitol.

Mr. Scott Glenn, Chief Energy Officer

Booth District Park

1:00 p.m. - Department of Health, Dr. Bruce Anderson, Director

The letter to the Chief Justice states the concern “that the quarantine orders are being flouted once travelers leave the airport” and that when violators “appear before a judge, often the violators are released on their own recognizance without any measures to ensure no further violations happen.”

Kalihi Valley District Park

Pearl City District Park

“Disturbingly, we have also received reports that the City and County of Honolulu have avoided addressing these public concerns of non-compliance with regularity,” the letter says, and requests that the administration make enforcement of the quarantine “a priority by investigating and arresting people who violate them in our community, including returning residents and vacation rentals…”

Kaiser Honolulu Medical Office

McCully District Park

AlohaSafe Alert: Add your phone to fight against COVID-19

The COVID-19 vaccine is now available at vaccination clinics at Pier 2 Cruise Terminal for adults 75 years of age and older. Vaccinations are by appointment only.

The Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order allows residents of the City and County of Honolulu to shop at retail businesses and shopping malls that comply with specific operations guidelines that includes allowing all persons in these establishments to maintain physical/social distancing and health and safety standards.

Kahuku Community Park

The committee will be meeting with the following:

The Pfizer vaccine was the first vaccine to go into the arms of Hawaii’s healthcare workers, and ideally the second would go 21 days after.

These are just a few of the requirements and conditions for reopening and resuming operations. The full list for each business, service, or activity is included in the Amendment to Ho‘oulu i Honolulu 3.0.

Click here to read more from Civil Beat.

For information on the testing with Transformation Health Network, call 854-3566.

Who is eligible to get the vaccine and how do I sign-up?

These businesses/operations are required to follow the social distancing requirements in the 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation. They also are encouraged to follow the applicable guidelines recommended by the Centers for Disease Control. Generally, this means they must implement physical distancing requirements such as capacity limits and ensuring 6 feet or more between individuals using floor markings and signage; limit in-person work when possible; reduce the number of high-touch surfaces and objects as much as possible; reconfigure workplace to enable physical distancing if possible; communicate health and safety protocols to all employees, customers and visitors.

Pu‘unui Community Park

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency, Dr. Steven Hankins, Lead Coordinator

There will be no discrimination in the course of the meal service, as they will be served regardless of race, color, creed, national origin, sex, or disability.

How to Register for the Vaccine

Makiki District Park

Hālawa District Park

The Hawai‘i State Senate’s 2020 session was originally scheduled to take place from January 15 to May 7, but the Senate was forced to recess in mid-March due to the COVID-19 emergency. The Senate held a two week reconvene on May 11 to pass time-sensitive budget bills and nominations from the governor.

Waimānalo Beach Park

These new practices and protocols have been adopted in accordance with CDC guidelines, the City and County of Honolulu’s tiered reopening system and are subject to change.

Location: Pier 2 Cruise Terminal 521 Ala Moana Blvd, Honolulu

Hawaii Pacific University - Mr. John Y. Gotanda, President

These businesses and operations will be allowed to reopen under guidelines and conditions to ensure safety for both employees of these establishments and customers/clients. For example, Bars may reopen with operators ensuring limiting occupancy to no more than fifty percent of the maximum occupant load of the bar, limiting groups within the bar to a maximum of ten individuals per group, and ensuring groups within the bar maintain at least six feet of separation from other groups.

Dr. Sarah Park, State Epidemiologist

For more information, visit honolulu.gov/csd.

The result is this newly released Home Care for Persons with COVID-19 booklet. Presenting expert advice from trusted sources, the booklet saves Hawaii’s families valuable time trying to search out information and wondering who they can trust. Families can quickly find answers to specific and urgent issues, such as how to take a temperature or use a pulse oximeter and when to call 9-1-1. The easy-to-read booklet also includes a statewide directory of community resources, including isolation and quarantine assistance, crisis and mental health services and foodbanks.

Kāne‘ohe Community Park

Longs Drugs pharmacies begin offering COVID-19 vaccinations daily

For more information, visit www.honolulu.gov/csd

The Honolulu Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) is excited to announce a modified version of Summer Fun will be held this year. The program will be offered at no charge to O‘ahu families with Mayor Caldwell waiving the fees for the summer day camp.

Kalaniana‘ole Beach Park

Here is a breakdown of what is now permitted in Tier 3:

District 4 (Waialua to Waimānalo) - ph. (808) 768-8980

The Hawai‘i Department of Human Services (DHS) is assisting eligible families to better-afford preschool for the 2021-2022 school year.

THOUSANDS IN HAWAIʻI EXPECTED TO BENEFIT FROM EMERGENCY FOOD STAMPS, PANDEMIC SCHOOL MEAL PROGRAM

Beretania Community Park

If you are a senior age 75 or older, you are now eligible to register for the COVID-19 vaccine. Medical personnel and frontline workers in Phase 1b are also being vaccinated and will be contacted by their employer to schedule their COVID-19 vaccination. Visit the registration directory at HERE.

Natural Energy Laboratory of Hawaii Authority

This week the Hawai‘i Department of Health (DOH) launched a new service to help O‘ahu's older adults book their COVID-19 vaccination appointments.

Gov. Ige announced all travelers arriving in Hawai‘i from out-of-state will be required to get a valid COVID-19 test prior to their arrival, and to show proof of a negative test result, to avoid the 14-day quarantine. The pre-travel testing program begins Aug. 1.

1:30 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

Participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information including insurance if available and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head here.

Enchanted Lake Community Park

Salt Lake District Park

“We are closely monitoring current and projected vaccination numbers, appointment availability and most importantly the amount of vaccine allocated to the people of Hawai‘i,” said State Health Director Dr. Libby Char. “Our analysis of these indicators tells us it is time to expand vaccine eligibility to more people.”

If you are having difficulty filing your unemployment insurance 24/7, you may be clicking on the wrong link. Follow these steps to complete your filing and avoid error messages:

A new executive order issued by President Joe Biden will provide more Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program or SNAP benefits, commonly known as food stamps, to the most needy families, according to an update provided by US Senator Brian Schatz (D-Hawai‘i).

In regards to outdoor organized team sports, the Mayor’s Order includes two phases to ensure the safety of coaches, athletes, trainers, and everyone else involved. Phase 1 applies to outdoor team sports such as baseball, soccer, outdoor volleyball, and similar outdoor team sports. Under the amended Exhibit A of the City’s Order, starting Friday, June 19, activities would be allowed to resume under specific conditions. Those requirements include but are not limited to, limiting the activity to skill-building drills and team-based practice only, in which physical distancing of six feet or more between individuals may generally be maintained and groups are limited to a single Sports Program team, or a maximum of 30 players, whichever is less.

With more vaccine shipments en route, the Hawai‘i Department of Health is expanding the pool of people eligible to receive a COVID-19 shot. Beginning this coming Monday, March 8, all Hawai‘i residents age 70 and up are eligible to receive the vaccine. Learn where you can make your vaccination appointment HERE.

Learn more about the Kūpuna Call Center

On Tuesday, May 12, Transformation Health Network will conduct testing in the parking lot at Kalihi Union Church, 2214 North King Street from 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Entry will be from the driveway on Umi Street. Walk-up individuals are welcome also.

Qualified expenses will be paid directly to the vendor on behalf of the applicant.

The COVID-19 vaccine is now available at the Neal Blaisdell Concert Hall located at 777 Ward Avenue, Honolulu. Vaccinations are by appointment only, no walk-ins will be allowed at this time. For more information, please visit https://covid.queens.org/vaccination/

Essential workers across the state are next in line to receive the vaccine. To help ensure the proper number of dosages are available for essential workers, the Department of Health has issued anonline survey for businesses and other organizations to complete if they employ essential workers. The state’s vaccination plan defines “essential workers” as:

Travelers may be prohibited from boarding a flight if they have an elevated temperature above 100.4 degrees, they refuse to complete the mandatory form, or they are on the 14-day quarantine list prohibiting them from flying.

Hawaii Tourism Authority

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 16, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 17, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

The full list of commencement guidelines can be viewed here.

POD aims to assist low-income and moderate-income families with a subsidy that provides their children the opportunity to attend preschool. Preschool and other early learning opportunities help children gain essential skills, be prepared for school, and chart a course for lifelong success. Interested families may access the application from the department’s POD contractor, PATCH, by visiting patchhawaii.org or calling (808) 791-2130. They may also call toll-free at 1-800-746-5620.

Another $56 million will be used to bring back small businesses, support training and job programs connecting unemployed with local businesses in need of employees, and provide manufacturing grants to local companies that can create local supply chains for necessary cleaning supplies and personal protection equipment (PPE).

Grave site visits are also being added as an Essential Activity. All of the added reopening of certain businesses are with limitations. The restated Stay at Home Order incorporates prior orders, including but not limited to, ordering all individuals living within the City to stay at their place of residence except for Essential Activities, Governmental Functions, or to operate Essential Businesses, mandating employees and visitors of Essential Businesses to wear a non-medical grade face covering mandate, and the ban of all public and private gatherings of any number of people occurring outside a single household or living unit.

Dr. Edward Desmond, Administrator

Who is eligible to get the vaccine right now?

AlohaSafe Alert is a free and voluntary new service that helps slow the spread of COVID-19. It is the State of Hawaii’s official exposure notification app and has been developed in partnership with the Hawai‘i Department of Health. Add your phone to the fight to stop COVID-19 and protect your family, friends, co-workers, neighbors and community.

Are you caring for someone with COVID-19? Would you like to be prepared in the event a friend, family member or loved one should test positive? Most COVID-19 patients recover at home, so this new online booklet is here to support you! A few months into the pandemic, Hawaii’s Public Health Nurses and community outreach partners started to notice a growing challenge in the neighborhoods they serve. When someone tests positive for COVID-19, family members suddenly become caregivers. With little knowledge or guidance, many don’t know where to begin when it comes to caring for a loved one while keeping the rest of the family safe and healthy.

The Health Department is still in the process of developing this program but anticipates requiring an FDA-approved PCR test from a CLIA certified laboratory. Travelers will be required to provide printed or emailed pre-test certification as evidence of a negative test result. Travelers will be responsible for the cost of the pre-travel test.

Since in-office visits were suspended nine weeks ago, more than 44,000 driver license and state ID appointments had to be canceled.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be streamed live online at olelo/org/49.

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, June 27, by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing will be from 8 a.m. – 2 p.m.

View 5 Things You Can Do to Avoid Vaccine Scams

On weekends and holidays, that time is from 9 a.m. to 11 p.m.

This COVID-19 vaccination toolkit for essential workers is an informational resource to help Hawai‘i companies educate their employees. The facts in these flyers and handouts can be used to initiate and continue conversations about the importance of getting the COVID-19 vaccine.

Phase 1a:

Due to the recent uptick in COVID-19 cases, drive-thru testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be available this weekend.

Phase 1b:

Department of Environmental Services: Regular curbside refuse, green waste, and recycling service is still being conducted. Convenience centers and transfer stations remain open. Please note, all in-person services are suspended. Visit opala.org for more information.

Changes to the amended Stay at Home Order add the limited reopening of certain designated businesses and operations such as:

View Fast Facts About the COVID-19 Vaccine

Mr. David Sikkink, Administrator

‘Ewa Beach Community Park

The legislative branch will reopen beginning June 1, 2020. Each Senate office and support staff office will be expected to resume normal business hours on that date. For more details, please read the memo dated May 22, 2020, from the Senate President: Reopening of Legislative Branch - June 1, 2020

Look for registration opportunities available through links posted on HawaiiCOVID19.com/vaccination-registration and from healthcare providers around the state.

View Directory of Vaccination Providers

Please be ready to show your registration within the hour.

Starting Monday, April 19 all Hawai‘i residents age 16+ will be eligible for COVID-19 vaccination. This means 300,000 people will be newly eligible, bringing the total to more than 650,000 people in our state who are eligible and still unvaccinated.

University of Hawaii – School of Nursing and Dental Hygiene - Dr. Mary G. Boland, Dean

Are you eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Hawaii? Search by zip code to find a location near you and see which vaccines are being offered at each location! Find COVID-19 vaccines at local pharmacies near you at https://vaccinefinder.org/search/.

SafePaths - Mr. Michael Kamida, Technical Lead and Liaison

SUPERINTENDENT SAYS SCHOOLS COULD REALISTICALLY REOPEN FULLY IN FALL 2021; SOME HIGH SCHOOLS CAN HOLD LIMITED IN-PERSON COMMENCEMENT CEREMONIES

The City and County of Honolulu will soon be launching the COVID-19 Hardship Relief Program to help those most economically impacted by shutdowns to prevent the spread of the coronavirus. Scheduled to launch on May 18, the relief fund can be used to assist with basic needs including as rent, eligible utilities, childcare, and other essential expenses.

The Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order can be found here.

Aloha Trace - Mr. Brandon Kurisu, Coalition Representative

Lanakila District Park

In addition, travelers will be required to fill out the State Travel and Health form.

‘Āhuimanu Community Park

‪Starting 5 a.m. Saturday, City parks will be reopened to exercise only. Exercise includes running, walking, jogging and biking. However, no camping, using tennis courts, basketball courts, play equipment, off-leash dog parks, baseball, volleyball, etc.

Mr. Len Higashi, Acting Executive Director

Vehicle registrations can be renewed online, at self-service kiosks inside select Safeway and Foodland stores, as well as by mail. More information on these options is available at the Department of Customer Services website.

Kilauea District Park

Mayor Kirk Caldwell announced that certain Oauhu businesses will be allowed to open with limitations. This Order is effective from 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, April 30 through 4:30 p.m. on May 18.

Appointments can be made on AlohaQ.org.

For non-pandemic counseling and services, including crisis support, mental health resources and substance use treatment services, you may always call the Hawai‘i CARES hotline 24/7 at 1 (800) 753-6879 or text “ALOHA” to 741741.

Department of Parks and Recreation: City parks, courts, fields and parking lots are open. City skate parks and off-leash dog parks will reopen on Friday, May 29. The Koko Head Shooting Complex, city archery ranges, People’s Open Markets, and pools (lap swim only) are scheduled to reopen on Friday, June 5. The five Honolulu Botanical Gardens are open for passive use. This means no camping, garden tours, or recreational programs will be offered at that time. Other park facilities remain closed to the public, such as: playgrounds, campgrounds, gyms, and recreation buildings. Please be advised that lifeguards are not stationed in their regular towers but are instead on roving patrols. Stand-alone comfort stations are open but they will be closed during cleaning, maintenance, and regular park closure hours. For more information, please visit honolulu.gov/parks.

Ms. Kathy Sokugawa, Acting Director

At least 25,000 in Hawaii have been vaccinated for COVID-19 and the state is now preparing to administer the second dose to thousands of healthcare workers.

Mr. Scott Murakami, Director

*ALL VACCINES ADMINISTERED ARE BY APPOINTMENT ONLY*

“The 21 days is the standard recommendation,” she said. “The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices said it’s acceptable to get it as early as 17 days after the first dose of Pfizer vaccine. And there is no confirmed time period after 21 days that would require starting again.

Currently, the CVS website lists people over the age of 75 as eligible to receive a vaccine. If you qualify under this requirement, you may schedule an appointment on the CVS website after completing a short questionnaire. Pharmacies will have either the Pfizer or Moderna vaccine based on availability. For more information, contact (800) 746-7287 or visit https://www.cvs.com/immunizations/covid-19-vaccine

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 53 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. The meeting will also be streamed live online at olelo.org/53.

Online Registration begins Thursday, June 18 at 6 p.m.

State expands eligibility to more Phase 1c essential workers on Monday

11:00 a.m. Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

The Preschool Open Doors (POD) program application period began earlier in January and is open through March 31, 2021. Funds are limited, so DHS encourages families to apply as soon as possible.

‘Āina Haina Community Park

PLEASE NOTE: Sites and availability change rapidly, please refer to https://www.oneoahu.org/vaccine for more information.

The Legislature’s proposed plan builds upon UHERO’s estimates that $618 million in spending will generate more than $1 billion in Gross Domestic Product over the coming year and help Hawaiʻi’s households and businesses by supporting up to 6,500 jobs. The plan provides discretion to the Ige Administration to spend the remaining CARES funds to pay for unanticipated and emerging needs. This discretionary amount could be used to bolster Hawaiʻi’s unemployment insurance funds or support COVID-19 related programs.

This software was successfully used for shooters to make reservations at the Koko Head Shooting Complex beginning on Wednesday, June 3, and will serve a larger capacity in DPR registration and reservations in the future.

View Vaccine Registration Directory

To qualify for the program, children must be eligible to enter kindergarten in the 2022-2023 school year (born between Aug. 1, 2016, and July 31, 2017). If awarded a subsidy, families may use any one of the 409 state-licensed preschools. DHS also gives priority to underserved or at-risk children. Preschool Open Doors provides subsidies to eligible families to help pay preschool tuition.

Asing Community Park

Gov. Ige announced that the state will be lifting the 14-day quarantine requirement for inter-island travelers, effective June 16.

The governor is expected to extend the 14-day quarantine for travelers through June 30. This comes as the governor announced that he intends to continue Hawaii’s safer-at-home order through June 30. The Hawaii Tourism Authority, Department of Transportation, and other state agencies are working with the airlines to toughen the entry restrictions, to include revising the visitor arrival form, requiring the flight crew to complete the form, seeking to confirm return flights, increasing the screening staff at airports, stiffening hotel quarantines, enforcing rules on car rentals, and confirming hotel or home stays, among others. The COVID-19 committee met with the Police Chief, representatives from the Courts, and the Prosecutor's Office to coordinate enforcement of the 14-day quarantine. There were general agreements for a maximum bail of $2,000 for quarantine violators. Arraignment would be done virtually within 48-72 hours. Police statistics for Emergency Proclamation violations from March 20 to May 14 included 9,313 warnings, 5,244 citations, and 292 arrests.

Makakilo Community Park

More information will be made available on the Capitol website: www.capitol.hawaii.gov.

Learn More About Kū Makani FREE Mental Health Resources

The number of COVID-19 cases in Hawai‘i has been declining and our current positivity rate is now under 1%. This is an encouraging sign that Hawai‘i is making headway in our battle against the coronavirus. Many sacrifices have been made to get us to where are today, and we can celebrate fewer hospitalizations and healthier communities.

On May 14, the Senate was briefed on the State Administration’s proposal for $1.25 billion appropriated under the federal Coronavirus Aid Relief & Economic Security (CARES) Act. Senate Bill 75 SD2 HD1 passed out of the House Finance Committee and will now head to the full House for a vote next week. Concerns remain regarding how agencies will spend these funds, such as economic support to those most affected during this pandemic.

The six driver licensing centers on O‘ahu reopened May 26 for in-office visits also on an appointment-only basis.

This partnership is an effort to continue the momentum in vaccinating residents and caregivers of small residential care homes throughout the state.

Attendance Limits:

Safety Protocols:

District 1 (Hawaiʻi Kai to McCully) - ph. (808) 768-8944

This voluntary application is free and can be downloaded now from both the Apple and Google Play stores. Once downloaded, the app uses Bluetooth technology to anonymously communicate with other phones that have the application. The devices will “ping” one another, measuring the strength of the Bluetooth signal, distance of each device, and the duration of the contact. The more people who use the app, the safer and healthier we will make our community. If an individual is diagnosed with COVID-19, they will receive a text message from the Department of Health with a verification code to input into the app. This code will anonymously notify other devices about their possible COVID-19 exposure. The notification will not disclose any personally identifying information such as where, how, or when they were exposed. To trigger a notification alert, devices must have been within 6 feet of each other for at least 15 minutes in the past 14 days. If someone receives a notification from AlohaSafe Alert that they may have been exposed to COVID-19, they are recommended to self-quarantine, and get tested. According to the AlohaSafe website:

The order also includes a 15 percent increase in benefits for families of the more than 93,500 Hawai‘i students who qualify for free or reduced-priced school meals and are currently receiving Pandemic Electronic Benefit Transfer (P-EBT) benefits due to COVID-19 related school closures, as well as a directive for food assistance benefits to be updated to reflect the true cost of a healthy diet.

Koko Head District Park

Select Longs Drugs locations are now offering the COVID-19 vaccine to those eligible and by appointment only. Longs Drugs Pharmacy Aiea will be participating in this program, but active stores may change based on vaccine availability. The list of specific stores will be available on CVS.com as stores receive shipments and appointments become available. As of today, February 25, 2021, the Aiea Longs location located at 98-1005 Moanalua Rd #400 Aiea, HI 96701 has appointments available for vaccinations.

Appointments can be made at AlohaQ.org. The system will allow appointments only for those licenses expiring in June. (This includes licenses and state IDs with March expiration dates that were previously granted a 90-day extension under a state emergency order.) Later in the month, open appointment slots will be offered driver licenses and state IDs with July expiration dates. (This would include those with April expiration dates that were similarly extended by emergency order to July.)

2:15 p.m. - Department of Human Resources Development, Mr. Ryker Wada, Director

For more information on the testing run by Kalihi Kai Urgent Care, call (808) 841-2273.

This plan provides stakeholders from the whole community with the operational information needed to prepare their organizations to support the HDOH COVID-19 Vaccination Program. The HDOH COVID-19 Vaccination Core Planning Team recommends that stakeholders develop/update standard operating procedures (SOPs), as well as supporting plans and procedures, and continue outreach efforts throughout Hawaii to prepare the public for the COVID-19 Vaccination Program as vaccines become more widely available.

Mā‘ili Community Park*

Ms. Kathy Kaohu, County Clerk

Office of Elections

Department of Planning and Permitting

No public testimony will be accepted.If you require special assistance, please call 586-6800 or email your request to waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov.

Kailua District Park

Despite a national push to get students back in classrooms full-time, following new safety guidance from the CDC, schools Superintendent Christina Kishimoto said Hawaii public schools are unlikely to return to full in-person learning before next school year.

Waimānalo District Park

Dr. Eugene Tian, Chief State Economist

Paki Community Park

Ms. Rona Suzuki, Director

Mandatory 14-day quarantine for travelers, eviction moratorium also continue

Public Transportation - TheBus and TheHandi-Van: These services are operating with increased sanitary precautions for passenger and driver safety and health. Visit thebus.org or call 848-5555 for up-to-date schedules and information. The TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is open for in-person assessments for those extending or applying for eligibility. Distancing practices must be followed. TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is located at the First Insurance Center, 1100 Ward Avenue, Suite 835. For questions or to schedule an assessment, call (808) 538-0033, Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Who is next in line for vaccinations?

To allow access to the proceedings, the Senate will be providing live streams of all Senate hearings and floor sessions in real time, on YouTube and/or ‘Ōlelo and neighbor island cable networks, with live closed captioning. A list of upcoming and archived Senate hearings is available here: http://olelo.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=13

The Hawaii State Senate recently new operational changes ahead of the 2021 legislative session.

Location: Neal Blaisdell Concert Hall (Registration is across from the parking lot) 777 Ward Avenue, Honolulu

Why Get Vaccinated?

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 23, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 24, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

You are considered “fully vaccinated” two weeks after receiving the complete dose of your vaccine. If you receive the 2-dose Pfizer or Moderna vaccines, then you are “fully vaccinated” two weeks after your second dose. If you receive a single-dose vaccine like Johnson & Johnson’s Janssen vaccine, you will be fully vaccinated two weeks after your shot. If it has been less than two weeks or if you are still waiting for your second dose, you are NOT fully protected. Even after you are fully vaccinated, you should continue to protect yourself and others by following safe practices whenever you are near unvaccinated people outside of your own household. This means continuing to: wear a mask, stay at least 6 feet apart and avoid crowds and poorly ventilated spaces.

Registration opportunities for those 60 and older will soon be available through links posted on HawaiiCOVID19.com/vaccination-registration and from healthcare providers around the state.

On Friday, April 24, Kalihi Kai Urgent Care will be conducting testing at ʻEwa Mahiko District Park in ʻEwa Beach. Testing at 91-1205 Renton Road will run from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.

Ms. Georja Skinner, Chief Officer

The amended bill states (HB117), “Due to the unprecedented economic downturn resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the legislature believes that continued implementation of the commission's recommendations for the executive and judicial branches, and planned adjustments for the legislature, is irresponsible at this time and should be deferred.”

If you have questions about the vaccine, visit https://www.hawaiipacifichealth.org/hph-covid-19-updates/vaccine-update for updates.

Children must be six years old before Aug. 1, 2020 and not older than thirteen years old by July 28, 2020 to qualify. The modified Summer Fun will still utilize Junior Leaders.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on Olelo channel 49 on Oahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels.

12:00 p.m. Department of Health, State Laboratories

Building Permit Applications: Available by appointment only. Self-service permits are available online at honolulu.gov/dpp.

Please note that these operations may have altered hours. Please visit their websites before going to the location for services.

Hawaii State Energy Office

Also extended through the end of May -- the 14-day quarantine for both visitors and residents entering the state and for inter-island travelers.

Waikele Community Park

Vaccinations expand to Hawai‘i residents 60+ on Monday

Click here to read more from KITV4 news.

As part of its 2021 Legislative Program, the Hawaii State Senate will be focusing on ten of the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. The Senate has bipartisan dedication to the protection and sustainability of the islands’ people, communities, natural resources, and economic prosperity through advancing these U.N. goals.

Only Ala Moana Satellite City Hall will temporarily remain closed to in-office visits as it prepares to relocate within the shopping center.

Board of Water Supply: Water service remains operational and the water is safe to drink. Testing is conducted daily. BWS account services are available online at boardofwatersupply.com, by mail, or by phone. In-person services are suspended.

O‘ahu motorists are reminded that a safety check inspection is not required to renew motor vehicle registrations that are expiring in April or May.

Mr. Chris Tatum, CEO

Beware of COVID-19 vaccine scams! All COVID-19 vaccinations are free.

2. After receiving a notice that their item(s) are ready for pick up, patrons can schedule a Library Take Out time at picktime.com/hspls.

To reach a trained Kū Makani counselor, just call the Hawai‘i CARES hotline during these hours:

Adventist Health Castle will begin its second round of vaccinations next Monday, and for that week the concentration will also be pushing out another vaccine to those who received their first.

Kanewai Community Park

Over the past month, new COVID-19 variants have emerged from around the globe: first in the United Kingdom, then South Africa and Brazil. The CDC has warned that the U.K. variant could be the predominant variant in the U.S. sometime this month. As of now, three variants (P.2, B.1.429, and B.1.1.7) are already here in the islands, underscoring the importance of preventative measures. COVID-19 vaccination is an important tool in getting our communities back to normal. The CDC is continuing to investigate the effectiveness of COVID-19 vaccines against the new variants. Scientists also are working to learn about new variants of the virus. More studies are needed to understand how new variants may affect the effectiveness of existing COVID-19 vaccines. So far, studies suggest that antibodies generated through vaccination with currently authorized vaccines recognize these variants. This is being closely investigated and more studies are underway. Some of the new variants of the COVID-19 virus may spread more easily and quickly, which can lead to more cases of COVID-19. So, don’t wait. Plan to get whichever vaccine is available to you. Even after you are vaccinated, continue to follow all of the protective strategies to limit the spread of COVID-19. This includes wearing a mask, physical distancing, washing hands and staying home when you are sick which will also help prevent the spread of new variants. This is the time to stay vigilant! To learn more about the COVID-19 vaccine, visit HawaiiCOVID19.com/vaccine.

1:00 p.m.

TO FILE A CLAIM OR CHECK YOUR STATUS

The proclamation also includes:

Creative Industries Division

The Hawai‘i Department of Transportation has closed safety inspection stations to comply with social distancing recommendations stemming from COVID-19 and extended safety inspection certificates as well as stickers through May 31, 2020.

According to the Hawaii State Department of Health, the vaccine is currently only available to those who qualify under Phase groups 1-A and 1-B:

View Vaccine FAQs

The number of new COVID-19 cases is expected to rise once travel is re-opened. However, the State Department of Health has begun the process of training 500 new contact tracers, exceeding the recommended standards set by the Centers for Disease Control, and is exploring other screening and testing procedures.

Mr. Greg Barbour, Executive Director

Registration:

The reminder comes as 133,928 motor vehicle registrations on O‘ahu are scheduled to be renewed between April and May.

Clinic Hours of Operation: By appointment only.

Kapaolono Community Park

The public is encouraged to participate by submitting written testimony. No in-person testimony will be allowed at this time due to COVID-19. To submit testimony, please visit: https://www.capitol.hawaii.gov/submittestimony.aspx

The proposal also allows the following to resume operations with modifications:

Gov. David Ige approved Mayor Kirk Caldwell’s proposal to safely re-open more businesses and operations on O‘ahu, under guidelines that will ensure the safety of employees and customers.

View Hawaii's Vaccine Timeline and Who's Next in Line

2:00 p.m. Department of Health - Dr. Bruce Anderson, Director

A public-private partnership — that includes the City and County of Honolulu, Aloha United Way, the Council for Native Hawaiian Advancement, Helping Hands Hawaii, and other service providers — will work directly with individuals and families dealing with economic hardship to administer these resources and ensure Oahu residents have the support they need.

Foreign Trade Zone Division

District 4

Waiau District Park

The governor noted that the next step in re-opening air travel will be restoring out-of-state travel to the islands in a safe manner. He has been working on plans to do this said he would announce them soon.

Our COVID-19 numbers are the lowest they have been in months and the City & County of Honolulu has officially moved into Tier 3 as of today, February 25th. For more information on the reopening strategy and the various tiers, please visit: https://www.oneoahu.org/reopening-strategy

Under Phase 1 of the state’s re-opening, the following businesses and operations can re-open starting May 7, 2020 at 12:01 a.m. However, everyone is advised to check the restrictions in place in each county, as they may differ.

Starting next week, those whose last name starts with the letters A through G should file on Mondays.

If you have questions about the vaccine, please call Queen’s COVID-19 Vaccination Line: 808-691-2222 or visit https://covid.queens.org/vaccination for updates.

Department of Health expands mental health assistance in response to the ongoing pandemic

DOH TO PARTNER WITH PHARMACIES STATEWIDE TO PROVIDE COVID-19 VACCINE

“I would expect that we stay pretty close to what our expectations are. If you’ve received a first dose, you’re pretty guaranteed that we will have a second dose,” said Erik Anderson, chief nursing officer at Adventist Health Castle. “So we might not have first doses available next week. That would probably be more up there than not having a second dose.”

Kaimuki Community Park

Summer Fun Sites 2020:

Many families become overwhelmed with questions and concerns about caregiving while often struggling to navigate insurance, time away from work and finances while in quarantine or isolation. For those who live in multigenerational homes, everyone is impacted.

Veterans Affairs

The proposal also includes the re-opening of outdoor attractions with limitations, starting Thursday, May 28. This includes:

Pililā‘au Community Park

Although buildings remain closed to the public for now, the Library Take Out is a convenient and safe way to access library books and materials.

No pubic testimony will be accepted.

In addition to standard school health and safety protocols, commencement events will need to follow other rules.

.

1:15 p.m. Department of Health

Wilson Community Park

According to Dr. Melinda Ashton, the chief quality officer with Hawaii Pacific Health, the hospital is trying to administer second doses as efficiently as possible.

The times to file are Monday through Friday from 6:30 a.m. to 11 p.m.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be livestreamed via http://olelo.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=13.

Phase 1-A: Began in mid-December and is expected to be completed this month, focuses on health care workers and long-term care facility residents.

12:15 p.m. - Hawaii Agriculture Foundation, Ms. Denise Yamaguchi, Executive Director

The Hawaii State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 will hold a hearing today at noon live on ‘Olelo 49.

“This is another major step forward in the implementation of our state’s vaccination plan,” said Dr. Libby Char, director, Hawai‘i Department of Health. “With residents and staff of larger long-term care facilities such as assisted living communities now in progress, we’re now turning our attention to residential care homes and community care foster family homes.”

Got Questions About The COVID-19 Vaccines

 <tag> li




Goal #4 - Quality education: To ensure inclusive and equitable quality education, and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all by increasing access to broadband technology for all students, modernizing schools, carefully implementing plans for in-person and distance learning, and evaluating the teaching workloads and classifications of the University of Hawaii.

Staff and keiki will be provided hand sanitizer.

2nd dose appointments will be scheduled for you at your 1st dose appointment.

Water parks

Indoor attractions (theaters, museums, arcades, bowling alleys, etc.),

All Senate standing committee hearings will be live streamed on YouTube. This is a significant improvement in public access over previous years when only selected hearings were broadcast on cable television and streamed over the internet. In addition to the live streams, the Senate will continue to work with public access television providers on all islands to broadcast Senate committee hearings and floor sessions. All live streams will be available online and on demand at youtube.com/hawaiisenate.

Teachers, childcare and educational support staff (childcare, early education, K-12, post-secondary)

Public and private golf courses within the City operating in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the Professional Golfers’ Association’s “Procedures for Reintroduction to the Game and Business of Golf” as may be updated/amended.

Services provided on a one-one-one bases. Businesses that provide services such as private tutoring, certain music instrument lessons, etc., on a one-on-one basis, that comply with social distancing requirements;

Game rooms

Criminal liability for hosts of guests who violate quarantine requirements or owners of cars that are rented to quarantine violators.

80% of all smartphone users (i.e. 56% of the overall population) would be enough to suppress the pandemic on its own without any other form of intervention.

Entertainment areas

Persons ages 16-64 years with high-risk medical conditions: Individuals of all authorized vaccine eligible ages with underlying conditions that increase the risk for severe COVID-19 (30% of population)

U.S. Postal Service employees

Designated spaces will be made for each group, with activities conducted on a rotating basis.

Department of Parks and Recreation: City parks, courts, fields and parking lots are open. City skate parks and off-leash dog parks will reopen on Friday, May 29. The Koko Head Shooting Complex, city archery ranges, People’s Open Markets, and pools (lap swim only) are scheduled to reopen on Friday, June 5. The five Honolulu Botanical Gardens are open for passive use. This means no camping, garden tours, or recreational programs will be offered at that time. Other park facilities remain closed to the public, such as: playgrounds, campgrounds, gyms, and recreation buildings. Please be advised that lifeguards are not stationed in their regular towers but are instead on roving patrols. Stand-alone comfort stations are open but they will be closed during cleaning, maintenance, and regular park closure hours. For more information, please visit honolulu.gov/parks.

Healthcare Workers and First Responders

Essential workers not recommended for vaccination in Phase 1b: Essential workers that were not included in Phase 1b (7% of population)

Agriculture (non-food), such as landscape, ornamental plant growers, and nurseries

Social Distancing Requirements (as defined in the Order) are adhered to at all times.

Click on the button “For New Claims, Please Complete This Form.” DO NOT click on “Claimant Services” which connects to the old server system. This is where people are experiencing issues logging in and attempting to file a claim.

PARTICIPANTS MUST BE IN A VEHICLE TO RECEIVE ASSISTANCE. Walk-ups or bicyclists will not be permitted.

Frontline essential workers: Includes first responders, and frontline essential workers, defined as workers whose duties must be performed on-site and require being in close proximity (<6 feet) to the public or coworkers, and are essential to the functioning of society (11% of population)

Participants assume the risk that food supplies may run out before they can be served.

Combined with other measures, if 15% of our community uses AlohaSafe Alert, we can reduce infections by 8% and deaths by 6%.

One adult, 18 years of age or older, may accompany kupuna who have an appointment.

The Senate will be using Zoom as its online meeting platform.

Car Washes

Goal #11 - Sustainable cities and communities: To continue the commitment to develop inclusive, safe, resilient, and sustainable neighborhoods by increasing access to affordable housing; reducing homelessness, increasing local food production to promote food security; investing in Farm-to-State programs; ending the housing shortage; investing in local talent; training local workers in technical jobs; and maintaining local infrastructure such as state parks, airfields, and small boat harbors.

Utilities workers

No one will be permitted to exit their vehicles during the distribution.

Larger schools that may experience difficulties in hosting a safe, in-person ceremony are encouraged to consider alternative options such as a blend of in-person and virtual ceremonies, staggered drive-through ceremonies or drive-in formats.

Committee Chairs will have the option to conduct hearings 100% remotely or offer their members a hybrid set-up with some Senators participating from Senate conference rooms and some joining the hearing remotely.

H.R.6201 – Families First Coronavirus Response Act.

Goal #9 - Industry Innovation and Infrastructure: To build resilient infrastructure., promote inclusive and sustainable industrialization, and foster innovation, by investing in and preventing the exodus of local talent; diversifying the economy; assuring the digital accessibility to all communities; and promoting a creative resurgence in the culture and arts.

Anyone with unexplained respiratory illness since January 2020 who were never tested for COVID-19

A household is defined by an address and everyone who lives at that address. i.e. Multiple families and/or generations living under one roof will be counted as one (1) household.

Emergency service workers

Written testimony and videoconference testimony registration will be accepted through the Legislature’s website. No in-person testimony will be allowed.

Adults aged 65-74 years (10% of population)

June 5: Business/commercial businesses (in addition to restaurants), indoor residential, non-commercial gatherings of 10 or less (regardless of household)

Museums

Mar. 16: Supplementary proclamation suspending certain laws to enable state and county responses to COVID-19

To check on the status of your claim 24/7, click on “Check Your Claim Status.”

Education and care facilities (private education, adult care, special needs care facilities),

First responders, including police officers, firefighters, etc.

Fitness facilities (spaces for yoga, barre classes, hula hālau, etc.),

Other beauty operators

Those essential for federal, state, and local government operations

Visit https://huiclaims.hawaii.gov/#/

Complete the Registration and Scheduling process using the link: https://mychart.hawaiipacifichealth.org/signup

Critical transportation infrastructure workers (harbor and dock workers, public transportation, etc.)

There is currently no co-pay associated with the COVID-19 vaccine.

Parking for the vaccine clinic is available at three locations: Pier 2, Waterfront Plaza and Aloha Tower Market Place.

Shooting and Archery Ranges

All keiki and staff are required to wear a cloth face mask, with consideration to existing exemptions such as a medical condition which prohibits use of a face covering.

The extension of the eviction moratorium through July 31.

Public transportation workers

Emergency services dispatchers

Goal #10 - Reduced inequalities: To promote social, economic, and political growth for all by supporting affordable housing and investing in broadband connectivity in underserved areas.

Certain real estate services. All real property sales and management activities must be accomplished by remote/electronic means whenever possible. Restrictions and permitted real estate services are outlined in Emergency Order No. 2020-09;

Tattoo artists

Retail & Repair Services, such as apparel, florists, watch & surfboard repair (Note: retail does not re-open in City & County of Honolulu until May 15, and retail & most repair will not re-open in Maui county.)

Complete the Registration and Scheduling process using the link: kp.org/register.

Auto Dealerships

Long-term care facility residents: Adults who reside in facilities that provide a range of services, including medical and personal care, to persons who are unable to to live independently (1% of population)

The City’s “COVID-19 Guidance for Business” is followed to the greatest extent possible.

$14 million to the DOH for contact tracing/testing, vaccination and contract tracing staff, investigation and infection control, PPE and supplies;

Apr. 16: Fifth supplementary proclamation implementing enhanced social distancing requirements and an eviction moratorium

All keiki and staff will have their temperature taken at the beginning of each day.

People’s Open Markets

Goal #3 - Good health and well-being: Promoting health and well-being by implementing evidence-based strategies to combat the COVID-19 pandemic, improving access to quality health care, supporting family caregivers, and improving local resiliency in health care by training medical professionals.

Teachers, child care workers and education support staff

Corrections officers and staff

If you are not part of the vaccination group above, please do not schedule a vaccine appointment here.

$36 million for thermal screening at the airports;

Pet Grooming Services

Public Transportation - TheBus and TheHandi-Van: These services are operating with increased sanitary precautions for passenger and driver safety and health. Visit thebus.org or call 848-5555 for up-to-date schedules and information. The TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is open for in-person assessments for those extending or applying for eligibility. Distancing practices must be followed. TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is located at the First Insurance Center, 1100 Ward Avenue, Suite 835. For questions or to schedule an assessment, call (808) 538-0033, Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Keiki participants will be within the same group for the entire program.

DPR is still hiring for those interested in working as Summer Fun Aides. Please click here if you are interested in fun, seasonal work opportunity, or call the District Office of the location where you would like to work (listed below)

Childcare services, licensed or authorized under the law

Graduates will be allowed to bring a maximum of two members from their household. No additional guests will be allowed. Schools also have the authority to reduce this number based on venue restrictions and ceremony formats.

Mobile service providers. Businesses that provide service on a mobile bases in which no human interaction between the service provider and the customer, including, but not limited to, mobile pet grooming and car washing/detailing businesses;

Corrections officers

Movie theatres

The Household Information Form can be downloaded below: A separate form must be filled out for each household represented in the vehicle.

Mar. 23: Third supplementary proclamation mandating social distancing measures throughout the state

June 19: Indoor operations such as:

Performers who sing or play wind instruments must keep a distance of at least 10 feet from other people.

Occupancy is limited at all times to no more than one (1) person per 200 square feet of the gross operation area (which equates to approximately 50 percent of the maximum occupancy load).

Complete the Registration and Scheduling process using the link, the button to schedule will be at the bottom of the page: https://covid.queens.org/vaccination/

Reducing the number of recess days from thirteen to nine.

If you are already a Hawaii Pacific Health patient and have a MyChart account, you will receive a notification through MyChart to schedule an appointment.

Food will be placed directly into the vehicle at each food distribution station.

Goal #13 - Climate action: To take urgent action to combat climate change by promoting sustainable tourism, exploring carbon sequestration, and investing in renewable energy.

Driver’s licensing and Satellite City Halls: All six of the driver licensing centers in the City and County of Honolulu are open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. The online appointment system for appoints for driver licenses and state identification services can be accessed at alohaq.org. The system has been revised to serve the greatest needs first. For assistance with making an appointment, call: (808) 768-4177. Masks or face coverings are required during all in-office visits. For more information, visit honolulu.gov.csd. The Kapahulu Vehicle Reconstruction Inspection Station in the City and County of Honolulu is open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. For assistance, call: (808) 768-4325.

Building Permit Applications: Available by appointment only. Self-service permits are available online at honolulu.gov/dpp.

All persons aged 16 years or older not previously recommended for vaccination: All other persons residing in Hawaii aged 16 years or older not already recommended for vaccination in Phases 1a, 1b, or 1c (27% of population)

Goal #16 - Peace, justice, and strong institutions: To promote peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable development; provide access to justice for all; and build effective, accountable, and inclusive institutions at all levels by examining government agencies that could be restructured and evaluating leadership and inmate training programs in correctional facilities in Hawaii.

You can also schedule an appointment by calling: (808) 691-2222.

COVID-19 Infoline: (808) 691-2619, Mon – Fri, 8 am – 8 pm, Sat – Sun, 8 am – 1 pm

A vehicle may pick up food for a MAXIMUM OF THREE (3) HOUSEHOLDS.

Shortening conference by one-week.

$637 million to be deposited into the state's rainy day fund to be allocated in subsequent sessions.

Performers who sing or play wind instruments need not wear face coverings, but a physical barrier is required between performers and patrons/staff for indoor restaurants/bars.

To preserve the vaccine supply for the designated priority group, we will only be vaccinating residents 75 years of age and older at this time.

Neighborhood Board Commission: Neighborhood boards will resume public meetings beginning June 1. Physical distancing requirements are followed. For meeting information, please contact the NCO at 768-3710, email nco@honolulu.gov, or visit the office’s website at honolulu.gov/nco.

Adults 75 years of age and older (9% of population)

The special parking rate for Waterfront Plaza and Aloha Tower Market Place locations is $2 for 2 hours with documentation of your vaccine clinic visit.

Board of Water Supply: Water service remains operational and the water is safe to drink. Testing is conducted daily. BWS account services are available online at boardofwatersupply.com, by mail, or by phone. In-person services are suspended.

Only 12 keiki will be allowed per adult supervisor, which will constitute one group.

Downloading the Household Information Form and pre-filling it out does not guarantee you will receive food at the distribution – in the event that food supplies run out before your vehicle is served.

The elimination of prohibitions related to beaches, boating, hiking and shoreline fishing, as these activities are being addressed through the counties in coordination with the state Department of Land and Natural Resources.

AN ADULT FROM EACH HOUSEHOLD MUST BE PRESENT WITH A VALID GOVERNMENT-ISSUED ID.

The ceremony must be held outdoors or in a venue with adequate ventilation. Third-party venues are allowed.

Mar. 31: Fourth supplementary proclamation implementing a mandatory 14-day self-quarantine for people traveling between the islands in the State of Hawai‘i

Food-court dining areas (except for delivery or carry out)

Staff or keiki will not be allowed to participate in the program if they are sick, have been in contact with someone diagnosed with COVID-19, or have traveled out-of-state within the past 14 days.

Teachers and childcare and educational support staff (childcare, early education, K‐12, post‐secondary)

Common areas (except to access and depart from a retail or repair service business)

U.S. Postal Service workers.

Goal #7 - Affordable and clean energy: To ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable, and modern energy for all by promoting renewable energy and committing to reduce our reliance on fossil fuels.

Pools

Indoor facilities being used by for Summer Fun will remain closed to the public throughout the program. Outdoor facilities being used for Summer Fun will be off-limits to the public during the specific program times, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m., but will be reopened for general public use outside of that timeframe.

Arcades

Within shopping malls, the following must remain closed:

Maintenance staff will clean bathroom facilities twice daily.

$8 million to DLIR for IT Modernization, UI Program Enhancements, and facility and staff support;

Play areas

Individuals essential for federal, state and local government operations.

COVID-19 Vaccination Line: (808) 691-2222, Mon – Fri, 7:30 am – 5 pm

Nail technicians

Barbers

Campgrounds

If you are unable to download the Household Information Form, there will be printed forms available at the distribution. Please bring a pen.

The distribution organizers reserve the right to refuse service to individuals who do not comply with the rules established for this food distribution.

Critical utilities (energy, water, etc.)

Shopping Malls – limited to retail and repair services (Note: shopping malls are not reopening in Maui county.)

Goal #8 - Decent work and economic growth: To promote robust, inclusive, and sustainable economic growth, opportunity for full and productive employment, and work for all, by improving Hawaii’s economic resilience; aiding small businesses devastated by the coronavirus pandemic; diversifying industry; managing sustainable tourism; investing in access to broadband technology; and pivoting the State economy towards agriculture.

Mar. 21: Second supplementary proclamation implementing mandatory 14-day self-quarantine for visitors and residents entering the State of Hawai‘i

Previous COVID-19 positive individuals and their families and close contacts

Front line tourism industry workers with direct exposure to visitors

H.R.748 – CARES Act.

Observatories & Support Facilities

$40 million for AG enforcement, PPE, payroll, and other department requests;

New and used car and truck dealerships – sales and leasing activities (with restrictions);

Department of Environmental Services: Regular curbside refuse, green waste, and recycling service is still being conducted. Convenience centers and transfer stations remain open. Please note, all in-person services are suspended. Visit opala.org for more information.

Hairdressers

Fitness centers

$1 million for the PUA program (UI for independent contractors & GIG workers);

Goal #17 - Partnership for the goals: To continue to implement the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals by creating effective public, private, and civil society partnerships by building on existing partnerships; enhancing a coherent policy for sustainable development; and improving the resiliency of the economy and healthcare systems in Hawaii.

H.R.266 - Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act.

Testifiers will be given the option to submit remote virtual testimony once written testimony is submitted. Individuals must register no later than 24 hours prior to the committee hearing in order to be added to the remote virtual testimony list.

Pier 2 parking is free but is limited and preferred for persons with restricted mobility.

Use your legal name and information as shown on a state-issued ID.

First responders

Sea life attractions

Bars.

Automated service providers. Service providers that do not require human interaction between the service provider and the customer, including for example, fully automated car washes;

You will be receiving the Moderna COVID-19 vaccine. We will schedule you to come back to this clinic 28 days later for your 2nd dose.

H.R.6074 – Coronavirus Preparedness and Response Supplemental Appropriations Act.

The 10-foot distance requirement does not apply to members of the same performing group.

Health care personnel: Includes paid and unpaid personnel serving in health care settings who have the potential for direct or indirect exposure to patients or infectious materials (5% of population)

Similar outdoor facilities

Outdoor organized team sports (two phases, with phase 1 beginning June 19),

 <tag> span




Ala Pu‘umalu Community Park

Due to the pandemic, the State Capitol building remains closed to the public at this time.

Legislative Timetable:

Hau‘ula Community Park

THURSDAY, MARCH 25, 2021 10:00 AM

Chaminade University -

DO NOT

Mr. Dennis Ling, Administrator

Healthcare Workers and First Responders

The Hawai‘i State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 sent letters to Hawai‘i Supreme Court Chief Justice Mark Recktenwald and Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell expressing concerns about the enforcement of the travel quarantine orders put into effect by Governor David Ige.

WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 2020 9:05 AM

Click on the button “For New Claims, Please Complete This Form.” DO NOT click on “Claimant Services” which connects to the old server system. This is where people are experiencing issues logging in and attempting to file a claim.

Senate President Ronald D. Kouchi, State House Speaker Scott K. Saiki, Senator Donovan M. Dela Cruz, and Representative Sylvia Luke announced the Legislature’s comprehensive plan to use $635 million in federal CARES Act funds to provide ongoing, immediate relief to residents and small businesses who are suffering from the devastating economic shutdown caused by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. The plan aims to support and reinforce the social safety net for our residents, rebuild and move our economy forward, and address the ongoing pandemic.

Finally, Wednesdays are for P through Z.

TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 2020 8:51 AM

Sunset Beach Recreation Center

PARTICIPANTS MUST BE IN A VEHICLE TO RECEIVE ASSISTANCE. Walk-ups or bicyclists will not be permitted.

Hawaiian Electric has suspended service disconnections for nonpayment through June 30 to ensure customers’ electricity needs are met as stay-at-home orders are extended due to the coronavirus pandemic.

waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov

The Senate floor session will convene at 11:30 a.m. on Monday, June 22, with hearings getting underway that morning. The session is scheduled to adjourn on Friday, July 10. The new legislative timetable is available here:

Car Washes

Accommodations are available upon request to persons with disabilities. Please call (808) 768-3003 or send an email to parks@honolulu.gov at least five days prior to the event.

Research & Economic Analysis

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be streamed live online at olelo.org/49.

No one will be permitted to exit their vehicles during the distribution.

I EXPECTED TO BENEFIT FROM EMERGENCY FOOD STAMPS, PANDEMIC SCHOOL MEAL PROGRAM

Anyone with unexplained respiratory illness since January 2020 who were never tested for COVID-19

The City opened online appointments for residents whose Hawai‘i driver licenses or state identification cards expire this year in March, April, May, June and July. This is after the state announced its intent to allow licenses and identification cards that expire between March 16 and June 30 to remain valid through Sept. 30.

A household is defined by an address and everyone who lives at that address. i.e. Multiple families and/or generations living under one roof will be counted as one (1) household.

Oahu beaches opened over the weekend, May 16, for activities based on approved guidelines issued by the City and County of Honolulu. In addition to those activities already allowed (e.g., ocean access and exercise), beaches or sand bars within the City may also be utilized with the following restrictions: a. All groups are limited to members of the same household or living unit. b. No group can exceed ten persons. c. All persons using the beach, who are not part of members of the same household or living unit, shall comply with Social Distancing Requirements, provided that a caregiver may accompany a dependent. d. The beach or sand area may only be used one-half hour before sunrise to one-half hour after sunset, unless the person is engaged in shore fishing or permitted outdoor exercise. e. All other State of Hawaiʻi or City restrictions related to COVID-19 must be followed, including, but not limited to, any applicable quarantine restrictions. If you have any questions on Mayor Caldwell’s Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order 2.0, as amended, visit the website, oneoahu.org to find answers to some frequently asked questions. If you still do not find an answer to your question on the site, O‘ahu residents can call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov. The City and County of Honolulu COVID-19 information call center remains open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on holidays.

June 5: Business/commercial businesses (in addition to restaurants), indoor residential, non-commercial gatherings of 10 or less (regardless of household)

Kahalu‘u Community Park

Visit https://huiclaims.hawaii.gov/#/

Procedures for written and road driving-test applications are being reviewed and will be announced at a later time.

Kāne‘ohe Community & Senior Center

The Hawaii State Public Library System announced its statewide launch of Library Take Out at 47 of our 51 public libraries. Starting Tuesday, May 26th, library patrons may now schedule a Library Take Out appointment time to pick up their hold item(s) at their favorite library.

The modified Summer Fun Program will be offered on weekdays, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. from Wednesday July, 1 through Tuesday, July 28 (excluding the holiday on Friday, July 3).

Shooting and Archery Ranges

All keiki and staff are required to wear a cloth face mask, with consideration to existing exemptions such as a medical condition which prohibits use of a face covering.

Pacific Palisades Community Park

Click here to view more information, including school sites and pick-up times.

THOUSANDS IN HAWAI

All keiki and staff will have their temperature taken at the beginning of each day.

The letter to Mayor Caldwell lists the actions taken by the Hawai‘i Department of Transportation to screen and verify passenger information and require compliance with the state’s quarantine orders, but says that the public is consistently reporting “travelers blatantly violating” the quarantine.

Participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations.

Aloha Trace -

$36 million for thermal screening at the airports;

Temperature checks will continue at airports across the state. Anyone with a temperature higher than 100.4 degrees or who is experiencing other symptoms will be required to undergo a secondary screening at the airport with trained healthcare staff.

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 2021 3:25 PM

District 3

AGENDA

Hō‘ae‘ae Community Park

Retail establishments should meet the following guidelines:

Letter to Chief Justice Recktenwald

Testing for regular PCR (nose swab) will be conducted as it has been done previously. If one desires this testing, the attending doctor will determine who should be tested. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head here. Testing will be offered without charge for those without insurance.

Walk-in-and-wait transactions will not be offered. The public can continue to do express payment services, such as water bill payments and annual vehicle registration renewals, via online, mail-in or by 24/7 kiosk options.

This would free up appointment slots for transactions that can more efficiently be completed in-person, such as applying for a disability-parking permit, junking a vehicle or performing complicated motor vehicle transactions related to a lost title or difficult registrations.

Kāne‘ohe District Park

MONDAY, MAY 18, 2020 10:04 AM

The special committee will convene to assess and advise the Senate regarding the State of Hawaii's COVID-19 plans and procedures for reopening the economy and the plans for economic recovery.

Kalākaua District Park

A vehicle may pick up food for a MAXIMUM OF THREE (3) HOUSEHOLDS.

Ms. Angela Keen

TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 2020 2:21 PM

Performers who sing or play wind instruments need not wear face coverings, but a physical barrier is required between performers and patrons/staff for indoor restaurants/bars.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 2021 8:58 AM

12:30 p.m. Airlines for America

. Testing will be offered without charge for those without insurance.

THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2020 1:26 PM

The committee will be meeting with the following to discuss enforcement of the 14-day quarantine and stay-at-home orders:

Only 12 keiki will be allowed per adult supervisor, which will constitute one group.

MONDAY, MAY 11, 2020 10:34 AM

Certain designated businesses and operations in the City and County of Honolulu will be allowed to re-open on May 15, by following specific guidelines as detailed Emergency Order No. 2020-10. The Amended and Restated Stay at Home/Work from Home Order, now under the new name “Ho‘oulu i Honolulu” or “Restore Honolulu” Order, incorporates all prior Emergency Orders, including the wearing of non-medical grade face coverings, social distancing requirements, and the limited opening of City parks.

Downloading the Household Information Form and pre-filling it out does not guarantee you will receive food at the distribution – in the event that food supplies run out before your vehicle is served.

The Special Committee on COVID-19 will meet tomorrow with the following:

Pālolo Valley District Park

MONDAY, MAY 18, 2020 10:07 AM

GDP History, Outlook, and Potential Sector Growth:

If you miss your day, don’t worry, Thursdays through Sundays are open.

The proposal also includes the re-opening of outdoor attractions

DPR is privileged to participate in the Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) in conjunction with Summer Fun.

Common areas (except to access and depart from a retail or repair service business)

For the other eight satellite city halls on O‘ahu, precautions are in place to ensure the safety of customers and employees, who will be required to wear facial coverings and remain six-feet apart from others during all in-office transactions.

Indoor facilities being used by for Summer Fun will remain closed to the public throughout the program. Outdoor facilities being used for Summer Fun will be off-limits to the public during the specific program times, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m., but will be reopened for general public use outside of that timeframe.

Department of Transportation

r. John Y. Gotanda, President

Ala Wai Community Park

within the City operating in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the Professional Golfers’ Association’s “Procedures for Reintroduction to the Game and Business of Golf” as may be updated/amended.

TUESDAY, AUGUST 18, 2020 1:44 PM

THURSDAY, MAY 7, 2020 9:57 AM

Goal #8 - Decent work and economic growth

Kamehameha Community Park

Dr. Mary G. Boland, Dean

‘Ewa Mahiko District Park

The City and County of Honolulu is pleased to announce it is supporting more drive-thru COVID-19 testing this week.

. Businesses that provide service on a mobile bases in which no human interaction between the service provider and the customer, including, but not limited to, mobile pet grooming and car washing/detailing businesses;

Barbers

Campgrounds

The City and County of Honolulu announced that it has reopened its online appointment system for driver license and state identification card services.

Below are those online registration dates and procedures which are determined by geographic park district. All dates and times are Hawai‘i Standard Time:

If you are unable to download the Household Information Form, there will be printed forms available at the distribution. Please bring a pen.

Customers should NOT worry about their power being shut off due to nonpayment through the end of June, and any threat of immediate disconnection unless payment is made received before June 30 should be treated as a scam. Customers experiencing financial hardship because of the pandemic are urged to contact Hawaiian Electric to discuss payment arrangements and options.

Ms. Alexandra Slous, State Disaster Recovery Coordinator

Addressing the public health needs of the COVID-19 pandemic is another pillar to the comprehensive funding plan. “The Legislature’s plan devotes $100 million to distribute ample sanitation and PPE supplies for essential workers beyond the health care community including child care facilities, elderly care homes, small businesses, schools, and non-profits that work with populations vulnerable to the coronavirus,” said Senate President Ronald Kouchi.

Testing will be made available to those without insurance as well. For more information on this testing, please call Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Front line tourism industry workers with direct exposure to visitors

The Senate's primary budgetary focus will be on deploying the existing federal CARES Act money,” said Senate President Kouchi.

Dr. Bruce Anderson, Director

Hairdressers

Satellite city halls across O‘ahu will start reopening July 1 for regular in-office service on an appointment-only basis.

Those whose last name starts with H through O should file on Tuesdays.

1:30 p.m.

Tomorrow, May 8, Kalihi Kai Urgent Care will conduct testing at ʻEwa Beach Community Park. Testing will be from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.

‘Aiea District Park

Sea life attractions

Antibody testing determines whether a patient was exposed to COVID-19 and now has antibodies against the virus; it is not used to determine whether someone currently has the disease. The test also does not tell you whether or not you may be susceptible to getting COVID-19 again. Patients should discuss results with their healthcare provider to understand what the results mean for them.

Mākaha Community Park

The Hawai‘i State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 will hold a meeting beginning at 1 p.m. today, live on ‘Ōlelo channel 49 on O‘ahu and http://olelo.org/49. The State Capitol remains closed to the public.

The 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation, EXHIBIT G, lists the businesses/operations designated for re-opening, and outlines specific safety guidelines for each. It also includes county-specific requirements. For example, retail businesses on Oʻahu may not open until May 15, 2020, and Maui County will not allow retail, most repair shops and malls to reopen at this time.

The special committee will be meeting with the following:

FRIDAY, JANUARY 22, 2021 1:11 PM

Wahiawā District Park

Gov. Ige has approved Mayor Kirk Caldwell’s proposal to allow singing and/or playing of wind instruments at indoor and outdoor restaurants/bars, with some restrictions.

In order to balance the childcare needs of our island community with the safety guidelines established due to COVID-19, there will be significant changes to the number of keiki that our facilities and staff can accommodate, the activities offered, and overall program procedures:

THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 2020 9:43 AM

Over 34,000 households are expected to receive help from the plan’s $100 million funded rental and housing assistance subsidies. The State’s most financially vulnerable households will receive rental assistance in the form of a $500 monthly subsidy or 50% of rent, whichever is lesser, for up to five months from August 1 to December 31.

WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 2020 4:54 PM

The public is reminded that the parking lot at the Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be closed to the public until 3 p.m. to allow for breakdown of testing tents and clearing of cones and barriers. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Crestview Community Park

Wai‘anae District Park

Kaiser Permanente

Waialua District Park

Criminal liability for hosts of guests who violate quarantine requirements or owners of cars that are rented to quarantine violators.

The emergency proclamation lifts the quarantine requirement for inter-island travelers effective 12:01 a.m. on June 16, 2020. However, it also leaves in place the quarantine requirement for out-of-state travelers. The governor has the authority to make exemptions for transit corridors/bubbles.

with modifications

The State Capitol building will remain closed to the public at least through June 30, 2020. Entry into the building will continue to be limited through the main double glass doors on the basement level from 7:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., and the National Guard will continue temperature screening everyone entering the building. Entry will be limited to employees and authorized guests. For more details, please read the memo dated May 22, 2020, from the Comptroller: Revised - Capitol Security Access Procedures

If you require special assistance, please call 586-6800 or email your request to

The Hawai‘i State Senate Committee on Ways and Means today deferred pay raises for legislators and state officials this year that had been recommended by the Salary Commission prior to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Social Distancing Requirements (as defined in the Order) are adhered to at all times.

Mānana Community Park

1. Patrons go to HSPLS Library Catalog and place a hold on any item(s) they want to borrow, or they may call their favorite library branch to place a hold with our staff.

Participants assume the risk that food supplies may run out before they can be served.

Mr. Alan Oshima, Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery and

This year registration will be conducted primarily online thanks to new software developed by the Honolulu Department of Information Technology. The software is called Parks and Recreation Online System, or PROS, and works best using the Google Chrome web browser.

District 3 (Pearlridge to Waiʻanae to Wahiawā) - ph. (808) 768-6889

Online Registration begins Saturday, June 20 at 9 a.m.

All in-office transactions will be served on an appointment-only basis. Masks or face coverings are required during in-office visits.

12:00 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov.

Moanalua Community Park

Ms. Susan Ballard, Chief of Police

Members of the Hawaii Executive Collaborative will present on a tourism recovery plan to create a task force to establish a travel bubble corridor. The corridor is for travel by two regions, both of which contained the virus, and who agree to a quarantine-free travel zone.

The state Department of Transportation will require thermal screening at the airport for everyone traveling inter-island. HDOT will also require travelers to fill out a new form that will now also ask for health-related information to assist the state in tracking and responding to new COVID-19 cases.

. Service providers that do not require human interaction between the service provider and the customer, including for example, fully automated car washes;

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 2021 9:08 AM

Ms. Clare Connors, Attorney General

CVS/Longs Drugs

FRIDAY, MAY 29, 2020 12:34 PM

MONDAY, MAY 18, 2020 10:20 AM

FRIDAY, APRIL 16, 2021 12:00 PM

To check on the status of your claim 24/7, click on “Check Your Claim Status.”

This software utilizes the same HNL.Info log-in that many O‘ahu residents already possess. We encourage the public to create an HNL.Info account and a PROS profile ahead of registration by visiting: https://pros.hnl.info.

The amended bill notes that in expectation of an economic downturn due to COVID-19, “the State Council on Revenues lowered its fiscal year 2021 forecast from four per cent to zero per cent, meaning that the State will have about $225,000,000 less in revenues than expected.”

Goal #13 - Climate action

3:30 p.m. Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

Test participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Although buildings remain closed to the public for now, the

Goal #9 - Industry Innovation and Infrastructure

The plan sets aside $230 million to support unemployed residents until the end of the year. “These critical funds will provide a new state unemployment insurance weekly benefit that replaces the weekly federal plus-up payments set to expire July 31,” explained Senator Dela Cruz, Chair of the Senate Ways and Means Committee. “Beginning August 1, an estimated 117,000 unemployed individuals will receive the State’s enhanced weekly unemployment benefit of $100.”

The extension of the eviction moratorium through July 31.

THURSDAY, MAY 7, 2020 9:53 AM

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 2021 12:00 PM

THURSDAY, MARCH 25, 2021 4:00 PM

FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 2020 9:54 AM

PRESCHOOL OPEN DOORS PROGRAM ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS

Tattoo artists

Mānoa Valley District Park

District 2

Food Service Program:

People’s Open Markets

Please note that there may be committee members or invited speakers participating remotely via video or teleconference.

4. Anyone with unexplained respiratory illness since January 2020 who were never tested for COVID-19

Whitmore Community Park

The Hawaii State Legislature will reconvene next Monday, May 11th. This reconvened session is expected to be about 6-10 days to address state budget issues and for the Senate to take up confirmation hearings for various state boards and commissions. The Ways and Means and Finance Committees will need to consider an estimated $1 billion in budget cuts from the $8 billion general fund budget, while minimizing cuts to social services or pay cuts or furloughs. All meetings and hearings will be broadcast live on Olelo; however, the public will not be able to attend, and written testimony will be excepted via submission.

Antibody Testing will be through actual blood draw. Licensed practitioners will be on site to conduct this test, and the samples are sent to local labs for analysis and reporting. The testing will be free if covered by the patient’s insurance, but a charge of $40 will be made to each patient without insurance by local labs who will bill the patients. Those only taking part in the Antibody Testing will not need to self-quarantine. The following categories of individuals are encouraged to be tested by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi:

The bill defers all salary increases slated for this fiscal year for members of the legislature, the governor, lieutenant governor, justices and judges of all state courts, administrative director of the State or an equivalent position, and department heads or executive officers and the deputies or assistants to the department heads or executive officers of the departments.

Kauluwela Community Park

Mr. Ross Higashi, Deputy Director

Gov. Ige signed a 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation that authorizes the first group of businesses to re-open since the COVID-19 pandemic forced the temporary closure of non-essential businesses across the state on Mar. 25.

TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 2020 1:26 PM

2. Healthcare Workers and First Responders

The Hawai‘i State Senate is scheduled to resume its 2020 session June 22 to July 10. Committees will be considering a limited number of critical bills that were put on hold when the Senate was forced to recess in mid-March due to COVID-19. The Senate will also be allocating additional federal funding from the CARES Act.

Kahala Community Park

Testing for regular PCR (nose swab) will be conducted as it has been done previously. If one desires this testing, the attending doctor will determine who should be tested. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 2021 4:00 PM

The Legislature is currently in recess, pursuant to S.C.R. No. 244.

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 2021 10:00 AM

Ms. Jade Fountain-Tanigawa, County Clerk

Food will be placed directly into the vehicle at each food distribution station.

Gov. David Ige signed a ninth supplementary emergency proclamation that extends the COVID-19 emergency period through July 31.

Letter to Mayor Caldwell

The City and County of Honolulu COVID-19 information call center remains open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on holidays. O‘ahu residents are encouraged to visit the website, oneoahu.org to get answers to frequently asked questions about Mayor Caldwell’s “Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order”. If they do not find an answer to their questions on the site, residents can call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov.

Driver’s licensing and Satellite City Halls: All six of the driver licensing centers in the City and County of Honolulu are open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. The online appointment system for appoints for driver licenses and state identification services can be accessed at alohaq.org. The system has been revised to serve the greatest needs first. For assistance with making an appointment, call: (808) 768-4177. Masks or face coverings are required during all in-office visits. For more information, visit honolulu.gov.csd. The Kapahulu Vehicle Reconstruction Inspection Station in the City and County of Honolulu is open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. For assistance, call: (808) 768-4325.

The annual Hawaii State Judiciary juror questionnaires will soon be mailed to individuals who have a Hawaii state driver’s license or are registered to vote in Hawaii. Beginning August 3, approximately 235,000 juror questionnaires will be mailed to 85,000 residents on Oahu, 55,000 in Maui County, 70,000 on Hawaii Island, and 25,000 on Kauai. They are used to help select potential jurors who may be eligible to serve in 2021. Individuals are selected at random. Anyone receiving a questionnaire has 10 days to complete and return it to the Jury Pool Office in the envelope provided. Those who fail to respond may be penalized. To be eligible to serve as a juror, you must be at least 18 years old, a citizen of the United States, a resident of Hawaii, and able to read and understand English. The Hawaii State Department of Health is in varying stages of reviewing and approving the circuit courts’ health-and-safety plans to resume jury selection and jury trials. The plan includes touchless temperature scans and CDC-recommended screening questions before entering a courthouse; required face coverings; enforced social distancing measures; and increased cleaning and disinfecting of our facilities.

TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 2020 7:07 PM

Hawaii Pacific University - M

The committee asked that he consider the public’s safety and issue a directive to judges to require bail prior to release and conditions such as ankle bracelets for quarantine violators.

3. Front line tourism industry workers with direct exposure to visitors

Mr. Jade Butay, Director

Neighborhood Board Commission: Neighborhood boards will resume public meetings beginning June 1. Physical distancing requirements are followed. For meeting information, please contact the NCO at 768-3710, email nco@honolulu.gov, or visit the office’s website at honolulu.gov/nco.

Under the CARES Act, Hawai'i has been given a total of $862,823,978 to support the State and smaller Counties. A separate allocation of $387,176,021 was provided to the City & County of Honolulu. The Senate has proposed allocating the funds in a responsible, prudent and conservative expenditure approach to meet both statewide and county needs. Below are some highlights. $175 million to support the various counties;

To report a possible self-quarantine violation, contact your county police department at 911. The police have access to all data pertaining to airport arrivals.

City and County of Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell announced a new emergency aid program for Oahu residents. Individuals under financial hardship will be eligible for up to $1,000 for basic needs such as rent and utilities, and up to an additional $500 for basic childcare. The program will begin on May 18.

1. Previous COVID-19 positive individuals and their families and close contacts

Leaders of the Hawaii State Teachers Association, Hawaii Government Employees Association, and United Public Workers agreed with a revised Hawaiʻi State Department of Education recommendation to the school board that will adjust the 2020–21 school year calendar, and start students later - from the original August 4 date to August 17. The deal will need the approval of the Hawaiʻi Board Of Education, which will hold a special meeting this Thursday, July 30, at 1 p.m. Ten-month DOE employees will still report to work as planned on Wednesday, July 29. According to HSTA, the agreement would give educators nine (9) additional days of training and preparation time on top of the regularly scheduled two (2) administration days and two (2) teacher preparation days between July 29 and Aug. 3. The extra time “would allow for training, planning, and preparation for the safe return of students to classrooms.” News of the agreement was shared by the unions to its membership, and a statement from Superintendent Dr. Christina Kishimoto was also posted to the DOE website. “HIDOE leadership has been working with the unions throughout the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure our students get the education they deserve and our employees have a safe work environment,” Dr. Kishimoto said. “We have continued these conversations and reached a conditional agreement today to propose a delayed start for students to accommodate concerns regarding employee training.” “Throughout our discussions, we were mindful that any adjustments to the calendar must focus on educating and supporting students,” Kishimoto said. “We also acknowledge the voice of our families, partners and employees who are not represented by the unions yet are impacted by this decision.” “We will use this time to prepare at yet another level, but I recognize this comes at a cost for public school parents and our students,” the Superintendent concluded. “My expectation is that if the Board approves the two week delay, that our labor partners will do an aggressive push to their members to be at schoolhouse doors on day one for our students.”

Mr. Glen Takahashi, City Clerk

Goal #3 - Good health and well-being

MONDAY, MAY 4, 2020 3:20 PM

Mayor Caldwell’s proposal includes the Friday, May 29

Testimony will be provided by Hawaii Executive Collaborative members Paul Yonamine, Duane Kurisu, and Lori Teranishi. Please note that there may be committee members or invited speakers participating remotely via video or teleconference.

Pools

MONDAY, MAY 4, 2020 10:22 AM

Waipahū District Park

THURSDAY, MAY 21, 2020 10:08 AM

Kalama Beach Park

Test participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them.

The 2020 Summer Fun Program will not require any fees or payment on the part of the participating families. In the past, Summer Fun registration was done in-person as a result of these prior payments. This resulted in eager parents waiting for hours, sometimes days, at various park locations to secure a spot for their keiki.

District 2 (Makiki to ʻAiea) - ph. (808) 768-9292

Play areas

Testing is being done from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. today, April 22 at The Church of Jesus Christ of the Latter-Day Saints in Wahiaw

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22, 2020 11:55 AM

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 2021 9:39 AM

Nail technicians

No public testimony will be accepted.

Resiliency Navigator

O‘ahu residents with a hardship or special need outside these parameters can call (808) 768-4177 for assistance.

:

The latest proclamation also allows residents to leave their homes to patronize certain businesses and activities under the new “Safer-at-Home” order.

Previous COVID-19 positive individuals and their families and close contacts

Hawaii Pacific Health

3:00 p.m. Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery & Resiliency Plan

TUESDAY, JUNE 23, 2020 10:44 AM

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 2020 10:19 AM

$40 million for AG enforcement, PPE, payroll, and other department requests;

$1 million for the PUA program (UI for independent contractors & GIG workers);

District 1

Agenda for today's meeting found below. Watch it live on Olelo 49.

The 2020 SFSP is sponsored by the United States Department of Agriculture, and will provide lunch to Summer Fun participants 18 years and younger. SFSP will begin on July 6 and run through July 17 at select, qualified Summer Fun sites. Those participating will be listed on DPR’s website: http://bit.ly/SummerFunOahu

Mililani District Park

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 2021 6:00 PM

Fern Community Park

Wailupe Community Park

Mr. Michael Kamida, Technical Lead and Liaison

The public is reminded that parking lots at the two sites will be closed to the public until 2 p.m. to allow for breakdown of testing tents and clearing of cones and barriers. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Mr. Sean Williams, Vice President

FRIDAY, MAY 8, 2020 12:36 PM

TUESDAY, MARCH 2, 2021 11:00 AM

Antibody testing determines whether a patient had COVID-19 and now has antibodies against the virus; it is not used to determine whether someone currently has the disease. The test also does not tell you whether or not you may be susceptible to getting COVID again. Patients should discuss results with their healthcare provider to understand what the results mean for them.

TUESDAY, MARCH 16, 2021 11:00 AM

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 2020 8:45 PM

Mr. Rodrigo Romo, Program Director

The 10-foot distance requirement does not apply to members of the same performing group.

Reconstructed vehicle inspection is another in-office visit that will be served strictly on an appointment-only basis.

COVID-19 testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex and Kakaʻako Waterfront Park will be available this weekend. Drive-thru testing for COVID-19 will be offered at both locations, but a new Antibody Testing will be offered as well.

Mr. Robert Kurisu, Co-Founder

Hawaii Technology Development Corporation

2:30 p.m.

SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 2021 8:28 PM

Mr. Scott Nago, Chief Election Officer

The state Department of Labor and Industrial Relations is kicking off an alphabetical system to ease the burden on the antiquated technology that has crashed multiple times over the past few weeks.

THURSDAY, MARCH 18, 2021 10:00 AM

Mr. Jon Henricks, County Clerk

The COVID-19 Hardship Relief program will provide funding support to Oahu residents with amounts up to $1,000 per month for qualified household expenses, and up to $500 per month for qualified childcare expenses to aid in lessening economic hardships caused by the pandemic. Each household may receive continued benefits as hardship continues, up to 6 months.

MONDAY, APRIL 5, 2021 9:00 AM

Entertainment areas

The partnering pharmacies throughout the state include: ElixRx Pharmacy, 5 Minute Pharmacy, Foodland Pharmacy, KTA Pharmacy, Pharmacare Hawaii, The Queen’s Medical Center Pharmacy, and Times Pharmacy. As of Friday, the DOH has administered more than 56,000 vaccines and has received 152,650 doses from Moderna and Pfizer-BioNTech combined.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick-up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also stream live online at

TUESDAY, MAY 19, 2020 9:22 AM

The Hawaii State Department of Education (HIDOE) Grab-and-Go school meals program will be extended at select meal sites for an extra four days beyond the end of the school year on May 28 and transition to the summer meal program which runs through July 17. Certain schools will provide meals to children 18 years or younger, free of charge, regardless of eligibility for free or reduced price meals.

The special committee will convene to discuss the impact of COVID-19 on the upcoming elections. Specific topics include the number of Voter Service Centers, available drop boxes, and the steps being taken to ensure the health and safety of voters.

Kamilo Iki Community Park

Agriculture (non-food), such as landscape, ornamental plant growers, and nurseries

Swanzy Beach Park

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 2021 10:00 AM

Queen’s Health Systems

For those who do not have computer or internet access, accommodations are available to facilitate their registration into the program. Please call the Summer Fun site for those accommodations. A list of the 65 program sites is included at the bottom of this announcement for your convenience.

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency -

4:15 p.m. Department of Taxation

More COVID-19 testing will be available at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex and Kakaʻako Waterfront Park this weekend. Drive-thru testing for COVID-19 will be offered at both locations, but a new Antibody Testing will be offered as well.

For each location, follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. This is part of an effort to do focused testing in communities across Oʻahu. Results of the testing will be used to identify COVID-19 “Hot Spots” to help in their containment.

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 2021 9:35 AM

To help lessen demand for appointments, 50,000 letters were sent to O‘ahu residents who qualify to renew their driver licenses or state identification cards either online or by mail. In addition, the federal government announced in April that the start date for REAL ID enforcement has been extended by 12 months to Oct. 1, 2021.

FRIDAY, JUNE 5, 2020 1:33 PM

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be streamed live online at

THURSDAY, APRIL 22, 2021 9:00 AM

Mr. Scott Glenn, Chief Energy Officer

Booth District Park

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 2020 8:48 PM

The letter to the Chief Justice states the concern “that the quarantine orders are being flouted once travelers leave the airport” and that when violators “appear before a judge, often the violators are released on their own recognizance without any measures to ensure no further violations happen.”

is a convenient and safe way to access library books and materials.

Kalihi Valley District Park

Pearl City District Park

“Disturbingly, we have also received reports that the City and County of Honolulu have avoided addressing these public concerns of non-compliance with regularity,” the letter says, and requests that the administration make enforcement of the quarantine “a priority by investigating and arresting people who violate them in our community, including returning residents and vacation rentals…”

Mr. Brandon Kurisu, Coalition Representative

McCully District Park

The Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order allows residents of the City and County of Honolulu to shop at retail businesses and shopping malls that comply with specific operations guidelines that includes allowing all persons in these establishments to maintain physical/social distancing and health and safety standards.

Kahuku Community Park

The committee will be meeting with the following:

WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 2020 10:39 AM

Appointments for in-office visits to satellite city halls will be available starting June 29. To make an online appointment, visit

Dr. Lynn Babington, President

Click here to read more from Civil Beat.

For information on the testing with Transformation Health Network, call 854-3566.

The public is encouraged to participate by submitting written testimony. No in-person testimony will be allowed at this time due to COVID-19. To submit testimony, please visit:

These businesses/operations are required to follow the social distancing requirements in the 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation. They also are encouraged to follow the applicable guidelines recommended by the Centers for Disease Control. Generally, this means they must implement physical distancing requirements such as capacity limits and ensuring 6 feet or more between individuals using floor markings and signage; limit in-person work when possible; reduce the number of high-touch surfaces and objects as much as possible; reconfigure workplace to enable physical distancing if possible; communicate health and safety protocols to all employees, customers and visitors.

Pu‘unui Community Park

There will be no discrimination in the course of the meal service, as they will be served regardless of race, color, creed, national origin, sex, or disability.

Makiki District Park

Certain real estate services. All real property sales and management activities must be accomplished by remote/electronic means whenever possible. Restrictions and permitted real estate services are outlined in Emergency Order No. 2020-09;

Hālawa District Park

Auto Dealerships

Goal #7 - Affordable and clean energy

MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 2021 9:52 AM

For more information, please visit their website at librarieshawaii.org

The Hawai‘i State Senate’s 2020 session was originally scheduled to take place from January 15 to May 7, but the Senate was forced to recess in mid-March due to the COVID-19 emergency. The Senate held a two week reconvene on May 11 to pass time-sensitive budget bills and nominations from the governor.

Waimānalo Beach Park

Mayor Caldwell’s proposal is included in the second amendment to the City and County of Honolulu’s Emergency Order No. 2020-16, posted online at www.honolulu.gov

to read the full press release.

THURSDAY, APRIL 23, 2020 12:44 PM

Dr. Sarah Park, State Epidemiologist

Keiki participants will be within the same group for the entire program.

DPR is still hiring for those interested in working as Summer Fun Aides. Please click here if you are interested in fun, seasonal work opportunity, or call the District Office of the location where you would like to work (listed below)

Childcare services, licensed or authorized under the law

For more information, visit

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 2021 12:00 PM

THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2020 10:20 AM

June 19: Indoor operations such as:

Performers who sing or play wind instruments must keep a distance of at least 10 feet from other people.

Kāne‘ohe Community Park

Longs Drugs pharmacies begin offering COVID-19 vaccinations daily

Occupancy is limited at all times to no more than one (1) person per 200 square feet of the gross operation area (which equates to approximately 50 percent of the maximum occupancy load).

VACCINE APPOINTMENT AND SITE INFORMATION:

The Honolulu Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) is excited to announce a modified version of Summer Fun will be held this year. The program will be offered at no charge to O‘ahu families with Mayor Caldwell waiving the fees for the summer day camp.

Kalaniana‘ole Beach Park

FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 2020 9:46 AM

Out-of-state travelers arriving in Hawai‘i must get a PCR test prior to arrival from any testing location approved by the Hawai‘i State Department of Health. Evidence of a negative test result must be provided upon arrival in Hawai‘i. Without this, passengers arriving from out-of-state will be subject to the 14-day quarantine.

TUESDAY, MARCH 9, 2021 11:00 AM

District 4 (Waialua to Waimānalo) - ph. (808) 768-8980

Vaccinations are by appointment only

Beretania Community Park

Gov. Ige announced all travelers arriving in Hawai‘i from out-of-state will be required to get a valid COVID-19 test prior to their arrival, and to show proof of a negative test result, to avoid the 14-day quarantine. The pre-travel testing program begins Aug. 1.

WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 2020 11:25 AM

1:30 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29, 2020 2:14 PM

2:00 p.m. Department of Health -

Click

Participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information including insurance if available and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head here.

Enchanted Lake Community Park

THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 2021 12:30 PM

Salt Lake District Park

The elimination of prohibitions related to beaches, boating, hiking and shoreline fishing, as these activities are being addressed through the counties in coordination with the state Department of Land and Natural Resources.

Goal #11 - Sustainable cities and communities:

. The system will allow appointments only for those licenses expiring in June. (This includes licenses and state IDs with March expiration dates that were previously granted a 90-day extension under a state emergency order.) Later in the month, open appointment slots will be offered driver licenses and state IDs with July expiration dates. (This would include those with April expiration dates that were similarly extended by emergency order to July.)

If you are having difficulty filing your unemployment insurance 24/7, you may be clicking on the wrong link. Follow these steps to complete your filing and avoid error messages:

Food-court dining areas (except for delivery or carry out)

Bring the following items with you to the "Food For Hawai‘i's ‘Ohana" distribution: a pen, completed Household Information Form(s) and a valid government-issued ID for each household.

Staff or keiki will not be allowed to participate in the program if they are sick, have been in contact with someone diagnosed with COVID-19, or have traveled out-of-state within the past 14 days.

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 2020 10:21 AM

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 2021 9:31 AM

On Tuesday, May 12, Transformation Health Network will conduct testing in the parking lot at Kalihi Union Church, 2214 North King Street from 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Entry will be from the driveway on Umi Street. Walk-up individuals are welcome also.

for “personal service providers” including:

Qualified expenses will be paid directly to the vendor on behalf of the applicant.

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 2021 4:00 PM

Within shopping malls, the following must remain closed:

Travelers may be prohibited from boarding a flight if they have an elevated temperature above 100.4 degrees, they refuse to complete the mandatory form, or they are on the 14-day quarantine list prohibiting them from flying.

Hawaii Tourism Authority

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 2021 10:00 AM

$8 million to DLIR for IT Modernization, UI Program Enhancements, and facility and staff support;

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 16, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 17, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 2020 8:59 PM

Goal #4 - Quality education

Another $56 million will be used to bring back small businesses, support training and job programs connecting unemployed with local businesses in need of employees, and provide manufacturing grants to local companies that can create local supply chains for necessary cleaning supplies and personal protection equipment (PPE).

To view the guidelines, head here -

Grave site visits are also being added as an Essential Activity. All of the added reopening of certain businesses are with limitations. The restated Stay at Home Order incorporates prior orders, including but not limited to, ordering all individuals living within the City to stay at their place of residence except for Essential Activities, Governmental Functions, or to operate Essential Businesses, mandating employees and visitors of Essential Businesses to wear a non-medical grade face covering mandate, and the ban of all public and private gatherings of any number of people occurring outside a single household or living unit.

Dr. Edward Desmond, Administrator

MONDAY, JUNE 22, 2020 8:45 AM

The Health Department is still in the process of developing this program but anticipates requiring an FDA-approved PCR test from a CLIA certified laboratory. Travelers will be required to provide printed or emailed pre-test certification as evidence of a negative test result. Travelers will be responsible for the cost of the pre-travel test.

Since in-office visits were suspended nine weeks ago, more than 44,000 driver license and state ID appointments had to be canceled.

MONDAY, APRIL 19, 2021 8:00 AM

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, June 27, by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing will be from 8 a.m. – 2 p.m.

On weekends and holidays, that time is from 9 a.m. to 11 p.m.

TUESDAY, MARCH 30, 2021 9:49 AM

Observatories & Support Facilities

Due to the recent uptick in COVID-19 cases, drive-thru testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be available this weekend.

Department of Environmental Services: Regular curbside refuse, green waste, and recycling service is still being conducted. Convenience centers and transfer stations remain open. Please note, all in-person services are suspended. Visit opala.org for more information.

Changes to the amended Stay at Home Order add the limited reopening of certain designated businesses and operations such as:

Appointments can be made at

during the COVID-19 crisis. The departments have announced subsidy changes to its assistance program for families and providers and are encouraging more families to apply. Get more information about applying to Child Care Connection Hawai‘i online by clicking on this link - bit.ly/ApplyCCCH.

Mr. David Sikkink, Administrator

‘Ewa Beach Community Park

, starting Thursday, May 28. This includes:

The legislative branch will reopen beginning June 1, 2020. Each Senate office and support staff office will be expected to resume normal business hours on that date. For more details, please read the memo dated May 22, 2020, from the Senate President: Reopening of Legislative Branch - June 1, 2020

THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2020 10:24 AM

Goal #16 - Peace, justice, and strong institutions

SUPERINTENDENT SAYS SCHOOLS COULD REALISTICALLY REOPEN FULLY IN FALL 2021; SOME HIGH SCHOOLS CAN HOLD LIMITED IN-PERSON COMMENCEMENT CEREMONIES

The City and County of Honolulu will soon be launching the COVID-19 Hardship Relief Program to help those most economically impacted by shutdowns to prevent the spread of the coronavirus. Scheduled to launch on May 18, the relief fund can be used to assist with basic needs including as rent, eligible utilities, childcare, and other essential expenses.

Similar outdoor facilities

TUESDAY, MAY 26, 2020 12:05 PM

The Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order can be found here.

Staff and keiki will be provided hand sanitizer.

Lanakila District Park

In addition, travelers will be required to fill out the State Travel and Health form.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 2021 10:00 AM

with limitations

Water parks

. Businesses that provide services such as private tutoring, certain music instrument lessons, etc., on a one-on-one basis, that comply with social distancing requirements;

‘Āhuimanu Community Park

‪Starting 5 a.m. Saturday, City parks will be reopened to exercise only. Exercise includes running, walking, jogging and biking. However, no camping, using tennis courts, basketball courts, play equipment, off-leash dog parks, baseball, volleyball, etc.

Mr. Len Higashi, Acting Executive Director

Kilauea District Park

Game rooms

Mayor Kirk Caldwell announced that certain Oauhu businesses will be allowed to open with limitations. This Order is effective from 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, April 30 through 4:30 p.m. on May 18.

No testing will be provided upon arrival at the airport.

Designated spaces will be made for each group, with activities conducted on a rotating basis.

Appointments can be made on AlohaQ.org.

Department of Parks and Recreation: City parks, courts, fields and parking lots are open. City skate parks and off-leash dog parks will reopen on Friday, May 29. The Koko Head Shooting Complex, city archery ranges, People’s Open Markets, and pools (lap swim only) are scheduled to reopen on Friday, June 5. The five Honolulu Botanical Gardens are open for passive use. This means no camping, garden tours, or recreational programs will be offered at that time. Other park facilities remain closed to the public, such as: playgrounds, campgrounds, gyms, and recreation buildings. Please be advised that lifeguards are not stationed in their regular towers but are instead on roving patrols. Stand-alone comfort stations are open but they will be closed during cleaning, maintenance, and regular park closure hours. For more information, please visit honolulu.gov/parks.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 2021 9:00 PM

Ms. Kathy Sokugawa, Acting Director

Mr. Scott Murakami, Director

TUESDAY, MAY 26, 2020 8:26 AM

WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 2020 2:44 PM

THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 2021 9:00 AM

TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 2020 8:53 AM

Online Registration begins Thursday, June 18 at 6 p.m.

11:00 a.m. Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

Here’s how it works

‘Āina Haina Community Park

The Legislature’s proposed plan builds upon UHERO’s estimates that $618 million in spending will generate more than $1 billion in Gross Domestic Product over the coming year and help Hawaiʻi’s households and businesses by supporting up to 6,500 jobs. The plan provides discretion to the Ige Administration to spend the remaining CARES funds to pay for unanticipated and emerging needs. This discretionary amount could be used to bolster Hawaiʻi’s unemployment insurance funds or support COVID-19 related programs.

This software was successfully used for shooters to make reservations at the Koko Head Shooting Complex beginning on Wednesday, June 3, and will serve a larger capacity in DPR registration and reservations in the future.

Asing Community Park

Gov. Ige announced that the state will be lifting the 14-day quarantine requirement for inter-island travelers, effective June 16.

resumption of operations

The governor is expected to extend the 14-day quarantine for travelers through June 30. This comes as the governor announced that he intends to continue Hawaii’s safer-at-home order through June 30. The Hawaii Tourism Authority, Department of Transportation, and other state agencies are working with the airlines to toughen the entry restrictions, to include revising the visitor arrival form, requiring the flight crew to complete the form, seeking to confirm return flights, increasing the screening staff at airports, stiffening hotel quarantines, enforcing rules on car rentals, and confirming hotel or home stays, among others. The COVID-19 committee met with the Police Chief, representatives from the Courts, and the Prosecutor's Office to coordinate enforcement of the 14-day quarantine. There were general agreements for a maximum bail of $2,000 for quarantine violators. Arraignment would be done virtually within 48-72 hours. Police statistics for Emergency Proclamation violations from March 20 to May 14 included 9,313 warnings, 5,244 citations, and 292 arrests.

Makakilo Community Park

THURSDAY, MAY 28, 2020 8:57 AM

Museums

On May 14, the Senate was briefed on the State Administration’s proposal for $1.25 billion appropriated under the federal Coronavirus Aid Relief & Economic Security (CARES) Act. Senate Bill 75 SD2 HD1 passed out of the House Finance Committee and will now head to the full House for a vote next week. Concerns remain regarding how agencies will spend these funds, such as economic support to those most affected during this pandemic.

The six driver licensing centers on O‘ahu reopened May 26 for in-office visits also on an appointment-only basis.

The Executive Office on Early Learning is working closely with the Department of Human Services and other agencies and stakeholders to coordinate early childhood care

Attendance Limits:

Safety Protocols:

Other beauty operators

District 1 (Hawaiʻi Kai to McCully) - ph. (808) 768-8944

service is not available at the following libraries: Liliha, McCully, Pearl City and the Hawaii State Library. No book donations will be accepted at this time.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 2021 3:00 PM

Koko Head District Park

For more information on the testing run by Kalihi Kai Urgent Care, call (808) 841-2273.

THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2020 10:28 AM

Mā‘ili Community Park*

Ms. Kathy Kaohu, County Clerk

Retail & Repair Services, such as apparel, florists, watch & surfboard repair (Note: retail does not re-open in City & County of Honolulu until May 15, and retail & most repair will not re-open in Maui county.)

Office of Elections

The City’s “COVID-19 Guidance for Business” is followed to the greatest extent possible.

$14 million to the DOH for contact tracing/testing, vaccination and contract tracing staff, investigation and infection control, PPE and supplies;

FRIDAY, MAY 22, 2020 2:00 PM

No public testimony will be accepted.If you require special assistance, please call 586-6800 or email your request to waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 2021 9:16 AM

WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 2020 11:16 AM

Kailua District Park

FRIDAY, MAY 8, 2020 12:28 PM

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 2021 11:55 AM

Waimānalo District Park

University of Hawaii – School of Nursing and Dental Hygiene -

appointment time to pick up their item(s).

Dr. Eugene Tian, Chief State Economist

Paki Community Park

THURSDAY, MAY 7, 2020 10:06 AM

Ms. Rona Suzuki, Director

Pet Grooming Services

Public Transportation - TheBus and TheHandi-Van: These services are operating with increased sanitary precautions for passenger and driver safety and health. Visit thebus.org or call 848-5555 for up-to-date schedules and information. The TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is open for in-person assessments for those extending or applying for eligibility. Distancing practices must be followed. TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is located at the First Insurance Center, 1100 Ward Avenue, Suite 835. For questions or to schedule an assessment, call (808) 538-0033, Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

– sales and leasing activities (with restrictions);

Every1ne Hawaii -

WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 2020 4:50 PM

WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 2020 12:06 PM

Movie theatres

The Household Information Form can be downloaded below: A separate form must be filled out for each household represented in the vehicle.

To allow access to the proceedings, the Senate will be providing live streams of all Senate hearings and floor sessions in real time, on YouTube and/or ‘Ōlelo and neighbor island cable networks, with live closed captioning. A list of upcoming and archived Senate hearings is available here: http://olelo.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=13

MONDAY, MARCH 22, 2021 10:00 AM

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 23, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 24, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

On Friday, April 24, Kalihi Kai Urgent Care will be conducting testing at ʻEwa Mahiko District Park in ʻEwa Beach. Testing at 91-1205 Renton Road will run from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.

Ms. Georja Skinner, Chief Officer

The amended bill states (HB117), “Due to the unprecedented economic downturn resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the legislature believes that continued implementation of the commission's recommendations for the executive and judicial branches, and planned adjustments for the legislature, is irresponsible at this time and should be deferred.”

Children must be six years old before Aug. 1, 2020 and not older than thirteen years old by July 28, 2020 to qualify. The modified Summer Fun will still utilize Junior Leaders.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on Olelo channel 49 on Oahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels.

THURSDAY, MAY 14, 2020 3:34 PM

Food will be distributed for approximately 4,000 households or WHILE SUPPLIES LAST.

12:00 p.m. Department of Health, State Laboratories

Building Permit Applications: Available by appointment only. Self-service permits are available online at honolulu.gov/dpp.

Please note that these operations may have altered hours. Please visit their websites before going to the location for services.

$637 million to be deposited into the state's rainy day fund to be allocated in subsequent sessions.

MONDAY, MAY 18, 2020 10:09 AM

Waikele Community Park

Click here to read more from KITV4 news.

Only Ala Moana Satellite City Hall will temporarily remain closed to in-office visits as it prepares to relocate within the shopping center.

Board of Water Supply: Water service remains operational and the water is safe to drink. Testing is conducted daily. BWS account services are available online at boardofwatersupply.com, by mail, or by phone. In-person services are suspended.

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 2020 10:10 AM

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29, 2020 4:02 PM

Mr. Chris Tatum, CEO

SafePaths -

For patrons who placed their holds during the closure, their item(s) are ready for pick up after the patron schedules a

AN ADULT FROM EACH HOUSEHOLD MUST BE PRESENT WITH A VALID GOVERNMENT-ISSUED ID.

Feeding Hawaii Together, a non-profit organization,is currently providing food to the public. The organization is located at 2522 Rose Street. Visit thepantry.org to register for food remotely, visually see the food available, place an order, then receive a day/time for pick-up. This allows to continue to provide urgently needed food, while conforming to all of the COVID-19 safety requirements.They distribute food 3 days per week.

2. After receiving a notice that their item(s) are ready for pick up, patrons can schedule a Library Take Out time at picktime.com/hspls.

THURSDAY, MAY 21, 2020 9:33 AM

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 7, 2021 11:00 AM

Safety Protocols

Arcades

Kanewai Community Park

1:00 p.m.

TO FILE A CLAIM OR CHECK YOUR STATUS

The proclamation also includes:

Maintenance staff will clean bathroom facilities twice daily.

Before attending a distribution, please make sure your vehicle's back seat, trunk, hatchback and/or tailgate are emptied and prepared to receive food.

The number of new COVID-19 cases is expected to rise once travel is re-opened. However, the State Department of Health has begun the process of training 500 new contact tracers, exceeding the recommended standards set by the Centers for Disease Control, and is exploring other screening and testing procedures.

Mr. Greg Barbour, Executive Director

Registration:

Kapaolono Community Park

The distribution organizers reserve the right to refuse service to individuals who do not comply with the rules established for this food distribution.

The proposal also allows the following to resume operations with modifications:

Shopping Malls – limited to retail and repair services (Note: shopping malls are not reopening in Maui county.)

Gov. David Ige approved Mayor Kirk Caldwell’s proposal to safely re-open more businesses and operations on O‘ahu, under guidelines that will ensure the safety of employees and customers.

THURSDAY, APRIL 23, 2020 3:55 PM

A public-private partnership — that includes the City and County of Honolulu, Aloha United Way, the Council for Native Hawaiian Advancement, Helping Hands Hawaii, and other service providers — will work directly with individuals and families dealing with economic hardship to administer these resources and ensure Oahu residents have the support they need.

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 2021 8:03 PM

Public Access:

District 4

Waiau District Park

The governor noted that the next step in re-opening air travel will be restoring out-of-state travel to the islands in a safe manner. He has been working on plans to do this said he would announce them soon.

Under Phase 1 of the state’s re-opening, the following businesses and operations can re-open starting May 7, 2020 at 12:01 a.m. However, everyone is advised to check the restrictions in place in each county, as they may differ.

Starting next week, those whose last name starts with the letters A through G should file on Mondays.

Fitness centers

DOH TO PARTNER WITH PHARMACIES STATEWIDE TO PROVIDE COVID-19 VACCINE

Goal #10 - Reduced inequalities:

Kaimuki Community Park

Summer Fun Sites 2020:

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 2021 9:38 AM

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. The meeting will also be livestreaming on

Veterans Affairs

THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 2021 9:07 AM

Pililā‘au Community Park

12:45p.m. Department of the Attorney General -

Goal #17 - Partnership for the goals

No pubic testimony will be accepted.

.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 2021 9:48 AM

THURSDAY, MAY 14, 2020 11:48 AM

1:15 p.m. Department of Health

Wilson Community Park

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 2021 12:00 PM

FRIDAY, MARCH 5, 2021 9:00 AM

The times to file are Monday through Friday from 6:30 a.m. to 11 p.m.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be livestreamed via http://olelo.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=13.

The Hawaii State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 will hold a hearing today at noon live on ‘Olelo 49.


=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.donnamercadokim.com/events=====

 <tag> h1


Events

 <tag> h3


GET UPDATES

Moanalua Gardens Community Association Meeting

Alewa Neighborhood Board

Kalihi Valley Neighborhood Board

Aiea Neighborhood Board

Kalihi Palama Neighborhood Board

Moanalua Valley Community Association Meeting

NEWS

 <tag> p




All Residents 16+ Are Becoming Eligible April 19

State expands eligibility to more Phase 1c essential workers on Monday

More events coming soon!

Are You Fully Vaccinated?

Got Questions About The COVID-19 Vaccines

Are you eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Hawaii?

 <tag> span


KAEWAI ELEMENTARY ,



MAEMAE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL CAFETERIA ,

KALIHI UNION CHURCH ,

MONDAY, MAY 10, 2021 7:00 PM MAEMAE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL CAFETERIA ,

MONDAY, MAY 10, 2021 7:00 PM AIEA PUBLIC LIBRARY ,

99 RANCH ,

WEDNESDAY, MAY 19, 2021 7:00 PM KALIHI UNION CHURCH ,

WEDNESDAY, MAY 12, 2021 6:30 PM 99 RANCH ,

TUESDAY, MAY 4, 2021 7:00 PM MOANALUA MIDDLE CAFETERIA ,

AIEA PUBLIC LIBRARY ,

WEDNESDAY, MAY 12, 2021 7:00 PM KAEWAI ELEMENTARY ,

|

MOANALUA MIDDLE CAFETERIA ,


=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.donnamercadokim.com/about_donna=====

 <tag> h3


GET UPDATES

NEWS

 <tag> strong


A Proven Record of Leadership

 <tag> p




Donna is a strong experienced voice who understands local and state government. She consistently holds government officials accountable, asks the tough questions, and works with others to get things done. In her tenure in Hawai‘i State Government, she has served as the 13th President of the Hawai‘i State Senate, Chairwoman of the Ways and Means Committee, Tourism and Intergovernmental Affairs Committee, and Accountability Committee.

All Residents 16+ Are Becoming Eligible April 19

State expands eligibility to more Phase 1c essential workers on Monday

Currently, Senator Kim serves as the Chair of the Committee on Higher Education and Vice Chair of Education. Her focus has been on the re-development of Kalihi, improving the infrastructure of roads and schools, managing tourism, protecting the environment, and job creation. She has developed a well-deserved reputation for diligent oversight, leading the way in exposing scandals, and solving challenging problems. Her heart has always been in her community, especially with it's children and their education.

Are You Fully Vaccinated?

Got Questions About The COVID-19 Vaccines

Are you eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Hawaii?

 <tag> span




state

Donna is a strong experienced voi

A Proven Record of Leadership

ce who understands

tenure in Hawai‘i State Government, she has served as the 13th President of the Hawai‘i State Senate, Chairwoman of the Ways and Mean

government.

Currently, Senator Kim serves as the Chair of the Committee on Higher Education and Vice Chair of Education. Her focus has been on the re-development of Kalihi, improving the infrastructure of roads and schools, managing tourism, protecting the environment, and job creation. She has developed a well-deserved reputation for diligent oversight, leading the way in exposing scandals, and solving challenging problems. Her heart has always been in her community, especially with it's children and their education.

ountable, asks the tough questions, and works with others to get things done. In her

local and

Born and raised in Kalihi, Donna Mercado Kim has served the people of Hawai‘i for more than 34 years. She has served in every level of state and local government - from Honolulu City Council, Hawai‘i State House of Representatives, and currently on Hawai‘i's State Senate. A Cum Laude graduate of Washington State University, Donna completed her freshman and sophomore years at the University of Hawai‘i at Mānoa.

als acc

s Committee, Tourism and Intergovernmental Affairs Committee, and Accountability Committee.

She consistently holds government offici


=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.donnamercadokim.com/home=====

 <tag> h3


GET UPDATES

NEWS

 <tag> strong




Mahalo!

Aloha and Welcome!

 <tag> p




I'm a local girl, born and raised in Kalihi, and a product of our public school system. I care deeply about my island home and no one will work harder for you!

Mahalo!

All Residents 16+ Are Becoming Eligible April 19

Are you eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Hawaii?

State expands eligibility to more Phase 1c essential workers on Monday

Aloha and Welcome!

Are You Fully Vaccinated?

Got Questions About The COVID-19 Vaccines

Today's challenges are even more difficult, and amplifying the voice of our community is what drives me.

I have devoted almost 40 years to public service at the city and state levels where I have fought for government efficiency, transparency, and accountability. I have always and will continue to fight for middle and working class families because growing up in Kalihi, both my parents had to work hard to make ends meet, to pay the rent, and put food on the table. They both worried about health care for their children and caring for their aging parents. Hawai‘i is a special place where ‘ohana is important, and we learned at an early age, the true meaning of sacrifice and helping one another. We also learned to be frugal and to manage our spending.

 <tag> span




I'm a local girl, born and raised in Kalihi, and a product of our public school system. I care deeply about my island home and no one will work harder for you!

Mahalo!

rowing up in Kalihi, both my parents had to work hard to make ends meet, to pay the rent, and put food on the table. They both worried about health care for their children and caring for their aging parents. Hawai‘i is a special place where ‘ohana is important, and we learned at an early age, the true meaning of sacrifice and helping one another. We also learned to be frugal and to manage our spending.

Aloha and Welcome!

I have devoted almost 40 years to public service at the city and state levels where I have fought for

g

Today's challenges are even more difficult, and amplifying the voice of our community is what drives me.

government efficiency, transparency, and accountability. I have always and will continue to fight for middle and working class families because


=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.donnamercadokim.com/news/#state-expands-eligibility-to-more-phase-1c-essential-workers-on-monday-=====

 <tag> h2




OAHU MOVES TO TIER 3 OF REOPENING STRATEGY

VACCINE APPOINTMENT AND SITE INFORMATION:

COVID-19 VACCINATION AVAILABILITY

Before attending a distribution, please make sure your vehicle's back seat, trunk, hatchback and/or tailgate are emptied and prepared to receive food.

Food will be distributed for approximately 4,000 households or WHILE SUPPLIES LAST.

Bring the following items with you to the "Food For Hawai‘i's ‘Ohana" distribution: a pen, completed Household Information Form(s) and a valid government-issued ID for each household.

 <tag> h3


SENATE COVID-19 TO MEET TOMORROW

QUARANTINE LIFTED FOR INTER-ISLAND TRAVEL STARTING JUNE 16

SATELLITE CITY HALLS TO REOPEN JULY 1

Kaiser Permanente

AIRPORTS AND HEALTH DEPARTMENTS AMONG OTHERS TO MEET WITH SENATE COMMITTEE TOMORROW

SENATE SPECIAL COMMITTEE CONVENES APRIL 28

COVID-19 Variants and the Vaccine: What You Should Know

All Residents 16+ Are Becoming Eligible April 19

HAWAII STATE SENATE ANNOUNCES OPERATIONAL CHANGES AHEAD OF 2021 LEGISLATIVE SESSION

SENATE COVID-19 MEETS TODAY TO DISCUSS ELECTIONS

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH RED HILL CONTESTED CASE HEARING

PUBLIC LIBRARY LAUNCHES TAKE OUT SYSTEM

OAHU DRIVER LICENSING & STATE ID SERVICES RESTART BY APPOINTMENT ONLY

HAWAII DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH PREPARES FOR SECOND PRIORITY POPULATION GROUP TO BEGIN RECEIVING COVID-19 VACCINE

State expands eligibility to more Phase 1c essential workers on Monday

SENATORS DEFER PAY RAISES RECOMMENDED BY SALARY COMMISSION

COVID-19 Vaccine Update

GET UPDATES

GOVERNOR APPROVES MORE BUSINESSES TO OPEN

AlohaSafe Alert: Add your phone to fight against COVID-19

Hawaii State Legislature Website

2021 Session

FREE FOOD FOR THE COMMUNITY

Who is eligible to get the vaccine and how do I sign-up?

HAWAII HEALTHCARE WORKERS BEGIN RECEIVING 2ND DOSE OF COVID-19 VACCINE

SUMMER FOOD SERVICE STUDENT MEALS

DLIR IMPLEMENTS FILING CERTIFICATION DAYS BASED ON LAST NAME

OAHU BEACHES CLEARED TO OPEN

QUARANTINE EXTENDED FOR OUT-OF-STATE TRAVELERS TILL JULY 31

PRESCHOOL OPEN DOORS PROGRAM ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS

Beware of COVID-19 vaccine scams!

STATE TO LAUNCH COVID-19 PRE-TRAVEL TESTING PROGRAM FOR OUT-OF-STATE TRAVELERS AUGUST 1

FOOD DISTRIBUTION AT ALOHA STADIUM TOMORROW, MAY 22

5 Things Hawaii residents need to know about COVID-19 variants

COVID-19 COMMITTEE SENDS CONCERNS TO CHIEF JUSTICE AND MAYOR

GOVERNOR EXTENDS STAY-AT-HOME ORDER TILL MAY 31

CITY PARKS TO REOPEN THIS SATURDAY WITH LIMITED ACTIVITY

OAHU SHOPPING AND RETAIL STORES CAN OPEN MAY 15

Vaccination Eligibility for Individuals 70+

COVID-19 Vaccination Availability

New resource! Booklet helps you and your loved ones develop a COVID-19 care plan

FREE TESTING TOMORROW, MAY 12

OAHU DRIVER LICENSING, STATE ID SERVICES RESTART BY APPOINTMENT ONLY

Longs Drugs pharmacies begin offering COVID-19 vaccinations daily

VEHICLE SAFETY CHECKS FOR REGISTRATION TEMPORARILY HALTED

Why Get Vaccinated?

SENATE COVID-19 COMMITTEE MEETS TODAY

STATE SENATE RECONVENES FOR THREE WEEK SESSION

New Service Simplifies COVID-19 Vaccination Registration Process For Kupuna

More People Are Eligible To Get Vaccinated In Hawaii

LEGISLATURE TO REOPEN JUNE 1; CAPITOL REMAINS CLOSED TO THE PUBLIC

THOUSANDS IN HAWAIʻI EXPECTED TO BENEFIT FROM EMERGENCY FOOD STAMPS, PANDEMIC SCHOOL MEAL PROGRAM

JUROR QUESTIONNAIRES BEING MAILED AUG 3

SENATE SPECIAL COMMITTEE CONVENES TOMORROW

Are You Fully Vaccinated?

SENATE REVIEWS LEGISLATIVE BUDGET

COVID-19 EMERGENCY AID PROGRAM FOR OAHU RESIDENTS

LEGISLATURE RECONVENING MAY 11

NEW TESTING SITES AVAILABLE

COVID-19 Vaccine Call Center For General Public & Health Providers

2021 SENATE LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM PRIORITIZES TEN UNITED NATIONS SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS

NEWS

Who is eligible to get the vaccine right now?

FREE COVID-19 AND ANTIBODY TESTING THIS WEEKEND

QUARANTINE AND SAFER-AT-HOME ORDER EXTENDED THROUGH JUNE 30

SINGERS, MUSICIANS ALLOWED BACK IN RESTAURANTS AND BARS

THE ALOHASAFE ALERT APP

COVID-19 AND ANTIBODY TESTING THIS WEEKEND

Tracking Hawaiiʻs progress: How are we doing as a state?

2021 Legislative Session

Hawaii Pacific Health

FIRST ROUND OF BUSINESSES SET TO OPEN

Vaccinations Expand to Hawaii Residents 60+ on Monday

THEATERS, GYMS, AND BARS GIVEN THE GREEN LIGHT TO OPEN JUNE 19

Updates on COVID-19 Vaccine

Department of Health expands mental health assistance in response to the ongoing pandemic

DOH TO PARTNER WITH PHARMACIES STATEWIDE TO PROVIDE COVID-19 VACCINE

OAHU MOVES TO TIER 3 OF REOPENING STRATEGY

SENATE SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON COVID-19 HOLDS MEETING TOMORROW

FREE TESTING TOMORROW

SENATE COVID-19 COMMITTEE MEETS TODAY TO DISCUSS REOPENING THE ECONOMY

FREE COVID TESTING IN KALIHI MAY 5

FREE COVID-19 TESTING THIS WEEKEND

Queen's Health Systems

HECO EXTENDS MORATORIUM ON SERVICE DISCONNECTIONS THROUGH JUNE 30

FREE MENTAL HEALTH SERVICES

CITY TO REOPEN CERTAIN BUSINESSES ON MAY 1

APPLY FOR CHILD CARE SERVICES

CITY FACILITIES THAT ARE OPEN

Are you eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Hawaii?

UPDATE - FILING FOR UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE

COVID-19 HARDSHIP RELIEF PROGRAM

LEGISLATURE ANNOUNCE PLAN TO USE CARES FUNDS

PUBLIC SCHOOLS REOPENING PUSHED TO AUG 17

SUPERINTENDENT SAYS SCHOOLS COULD REALISTICALLY REOPEN FULLY IN FALL 2021; SOME HIGH SCHOOLS CAN HOLD LIMITED IN-PERSON COMMENCEMENT CEREMONIES

FREE MODIFIED SUMMER FUN

Got Questions About The COVID-19 Vaccines

FLORISTS CAN OPEN ON MAY 1

 <tag> strong




Automated service providers

Approach to Job Creation:

Department of the Attorney General

Kaiser Permanente

Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

Chaminade University -

County of Kaua'i

DO NOT

Oahu

The partnering pharmacies throughout the state include: ElixRx Pharmacy, 5 Minute Pharmacy, Foodland Pharmacy, KTA Pharmacy, Pharmacare Hawaii, The Queen’s Medical Center Pharmacy, and Times Pharmacy. As of Friday, the DOH has administered more than 56,000 vaccines and has received 152,650 doses from Moderna and Pfizer-BioNTech combined.

Honolulu Police Department

Hawaii Pacific University -

Pacific International Space Center for Exploration Systems

*ALL VACCINES ADMINISTERED ARE BY APPOINTMENT ONLY*

Queen’s Health Systems

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency -

District 1 (Hawaiʻi Kai to McCully) -

State expands eligibility to more Phase 1c essential workers on Monday

Phase 1c:

Research & Economic Analysis

View Vaccine Registration Directory

I EXPECTED TO BENEFIT FROM EMERGENCY FOOD STAMPS, PANDEMIC SCHOOL MEAL PROGRAM

AlohaSafe Alert works in a simple 5-step process: download, diagnose, verify, notify and quarantine.

Business Development & Support Division

AlohaSafe Alert: Add your phone to fight against COVID-19

CVS/Longs Drugs

The State Capitol building will remain closed to the public at least through June 30, 2020

Learn More About Kū Makani FREE Mental Health Resources

Hawaii Executive Collaborative

County of Hawai'i

Board of Water Supply:

Attendance Limits:

Safety Protocols:

Who is eligible to get the vaccine and how do I sign-up?

1)Are the variants here in Hawai‘i?

Building Permit Applications:

Department of Health -

How to Register for the Vaccine

PRESCHOOL OPEN DOORS PROGRAM ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS

Office of Elections

Department of Planning and Permitting

District 2

THOUSANDS IN HAWAI

If you are in this vaccination group, please follow these instructions:

Food Service Program:

University of Hawaii – School of Nursing and Dental Hygiene -

Aloha Trace -

Dr. Libby Char

Download and Share Home Care Booklet

Mandatory 14-day quarantine for travelers, eviction moratorium also continue

Neighbor Islands: Maui, Kauai & Hawaii

EXHIBIT G,

Who is next in line for vaccinations?

New resource! Booklet helps you and your loved ones develop a COVID-19 care plan

Every1ne Hawaii -

Location:

District 3

The legislative branch will reopen beginning June 1, 2020

AGENDA

effective June 16

Public and private golf courses

5. Should I wear two masks?

long-term care facility residents

Longs Drugs pharmacies begin offering COVID-19 vaccinations daily

If you are a senior age 75 or older, you are now eligible to register for the COVID-19 vaccine.

View List of Vaccination Providers

District 2 (Makiki to ʻAiea) -

Department of Environmental Services:

Plan to Make Your Vaccination Appointment

kp.org/register

Public Transportation - TheBus and TheHandi-Van:

District 4 (Waialua to Waimānalo) -

Kū Makani crisis counseling hours:

Hawaii State Energy Office

Certain real estate services.

Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery & Resiliency Plan

appointment only.

Natural Energy Laboratory of Hawaii Authority

New service simplifies COVID-19 vaccination registration process for kūpuna

New and used car and truck dealerships

Vaccinations expand to Hawai‘i residents 60+ on Monday

Learn More About Variant Detection in Hawai‘i

indoor

Department of Human Resources Development

Department of Health, State Laboratories

Hawaii Quarantine Kapu Breakers

Department of Health

Mobile service providers

CVS cannot administer vaccinations to walk-in customers without an appointment.

2. Should I be concerned about this new U.K. variant?

County of Maui

SafePaths -

Department of the Attorney General -

GDP History, Outlook, and Potential Sector Growth:

Learn more about the Kūpuna Call Center

Airlines for America

Services provided on a one-one-one bases

Department of Transportation

Department of Transportation – Airports Division

Phase 1-B

TO FILE A CLAIM OR CHECK YOUR STATUS

Creative Industries Division

View Vaccine FAQs

**

Hawaii Tourism Authority

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 16, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 17, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

Registration:

https://www.cvs.com/immunizations/covid-19-vaccine

Phase 2:

PLEASE NOTE:

Clinic Hours of Operation:

3. Will the COVID-19 vaccines protect me from the variants?

Who is eligible to get the vaccine right now?

View the Latest Data on COVID-19 Cases and Vaccinations

Kathleen Merriam

District 3 (Pearlridge to Waiʻanae to Wahiawā) -

frontline essential workers

Locations:

Caroline Cadirao

View Hawaii's Vaccine Timeline and Who's Next in Line

Tracking Hawaiiʻs progress: How are we doing as a state?

Foreign Trade Zone Division

View 5 Things You Can Do to Avoid Vaccine Scams

Hawaii Pacific Health

Department of Parks and Recreation:

District 4

City and County of Honolulu

Neighborhood Board Commission:

Phase 1a:

Phase 1b:

Driver’s licensing and Satellite City Halls:

Department of Health expands mental health assistance in response to the ongoing pandemic

DOH TO PARTNER WITH PHARMACIES STATEWIDE TO PROVIDE COVID-19 VACCINE

District 1

View Fast Facts About the COVID-19 Vaccine

Summer Fun Sites 2020:

Veterans Affairs

View Directory of Vaccination Providers

98-1005 Moanalua Rd #400 Aiea, HI 96701

health care workers

Hawaii Agriculture Foundation

Download the essential workers vaccination toolkit

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency

ages 65 to 74

Department of Taxation

over the age of 75

4. What is the state doing to stop the spread?

SUPERINTENDENT SAYS SCHOOLS COULD REALISTICALLY REOPEN FULLY IN FALL 2021; SOME HIGH SCHOOLS CAN HOLD LIMITED IN-PERSON COMMENCEMENT CEREMONIES

Phase 1-A

Clinic Hours of Operation

Hawaii Technology Development Corporation

 <tag> p




Ala Pu‘umalu Community Park

Due to the pandemic, the State Capitol building remains closed to the public at this time.

Sen. Schatz reports that an estimated 33,000 people in Hawai‘i will benefit from the allotment.

Hau‘ula Community Park

Please visit the Kū Makani website and social media for details about the program, services, upcoming events and island-specific resources: https://www.kumakani.org

In addition, social distancing requirements remain in place across the state through the end of May.

Mr. Alan Oshima, Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery and Resiliency Navigator

2:30 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

As we look forward to the freedom that lower numbers and more vaccinations promise, we must all show our spirit of kīnā‘ole. Doing the right thing, in the right way, in the right place, for the right reason, with the right feeling! This spirit of kīnā‘ole has contributed to Hawaii’s hopeful trends, so let’s continue to maintain safe physical distancing and wear our face masks, and not become complacent.

County of Kaua'i

Mr. Dennis Ling, Administrator

The Hawai‘i State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 sent letters to Hawai‘i Supreme Court Chief Justice Mark Recktenwald and Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell expressing concerns about the enforcement of the travel quarantine orders put into effect by Governor David Ige.

1)Are the variants here in Hawai‘i? Multiple variants that cause COVID-19 are circulating globally, and two variants have been detected in Hawai‘i. Specimens from four people in Hawai‘i contained a molecular “clue” associated with the U.K. variant. While scientists are working to learn more about how widely these new variants have spread, Hawai‘i residents and visitors should act as if the variants are already circulating in our state. 2. Should I be concerned about this new U.K. variant? “It’s cause for concern but not panic,” says Dr. Sarah Kemble, acting state epidemiologist. The U.K. variant spreads more easily and quickly than other variants, which may lead to more cases of COVID-19. State labs are collecting samples from patients across all islands to proactively get a head start. 3. Will the COVID-19 vaccines protect me from the variants? So far, studies suggest that antibodies your body has or will develop through vaccination recognize these variants. This is good news about the effectiveness of the vaccine. Close investigation and more studies are underway. 4. What is the state doing to stop the spread? Vaccinations statewide are underway. As of Thursday, 189,446 doses have been administered. Because some variants are highly contagious, they will affect how many people in Hawai‘i will need to get the vaccine to stop or slow it in its tracks. When it’s your turn to get a shot, don’t hesitate. This has become a race between the virus and the vaccine. 5. Should I wear two masks? It’s recommended that masks have two or more layers, which can be achieved by doubling masks. If you do choose to double mask, make sure the masks cover your mouth and nose and that you can breathe comfortably through them. As our state awaits receiving more vaccine supply for our kūpuna and essential workers, it is more important than ever to rigorously follow safe practices, including wearing a face mask, physical distancing, hand hygiene, gathering safely, and isolation and quarantine. Small actions will make a big difference in limiting the spread of the virus and protecting our communities.

Senate President Ronald D. Kouchi, State House Speaker Scott K. Saiki, Senator Donovan M. Dela Cruz, and Representative Sylvia Luke announced the Legislature’s comprehensive plan to use $635 million in federal CARES Act funds to provide ongoing, immediate relief to residents and small businesses who are suffering from the devastating economic shutdown caused by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. The plan aims to support and reinforce the social safety net for our residents, rebuild and move our economy forward, and address the ongoing pandemic.

Pacific International Space Center for Exploration Systems

Finally, Wednesdays are for P through Z.

Sunset Beach Recreation Center

Hawaiian Electric has suspended service disconnections for nonpayment through June 30 to ensure customers’ electricity needs are met as stay-at-home orders are extended due to the coronavirus pandemic.

O‘ahu kūpuna who donʻt feel comfortable with the online registration process can now call AUW's 2-1-1 hotline to receive help scheduling a COVID-19 vaccination appointment. Kūpuna age 65 and above may call the hotline 7 a.m.-10 p.m. seven days a week. Language translation is available. AUW's team of trained specialists will take basic information from callers and then St. Francis Healthcare System will call back to walk kūpuna through the registration process. Transportation to the vaccination site is also available for eligible individuals.“Kūpuna make up a significant percentage of our state’s total population, and the Executive Office on Aging and our Policy Advisory Board on Elderly Affairs have been tireless advocates of vaccination access for our kūpuna,” said Caroline Cadirao, Director of the state’s Executive Office on Aging. “We’ve listened to concerns and insights from the community, leveraged the expertise of our partners, and came up with this solution. It speaks to the power of collaboration.” The call center is a collaborative effort by the State of Hawai‘i Executive Office on Aging, City and County of Honolulu's Elderly Affairs Division, Aloha United Way and St. Francis Healthcare System.

Accommodations are available upon request to persons with disabilities. Please call (808) 768-3003 or send an email to parks@honolulu.gov at least five days prior to the event.

Research & Economic Analysis

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be streamed live online at olelo.org/49.

Appointments for in-office visits to satellite city halls will be available starting June 29. To make an online appointment, visit www.alohaq.org

The following lists describe the population groups of each allocation phase:

The City opened online appointments for residents whose Hawai‘i driver licenses or state identification cards expire this year in March, April, May, June and July. This is after the state announced its intent to allow licenses and identification cards that expire between March 16 and June 30 to remain valid through Sept. 30.

Business Development & Support Division

For patrons who placed their holds during the closure, their item(s) are ready for pick up after the patron schedules a Library Take Out appointment time to pick up their item(s).

Oahu beaches opened over the weekend, May 16, for activities based on approved guidelines issued by the City and County of Honolulu. In addition to those activities already allowed (e.g., ocean access and exercise), beaches or sand bars within the City may also be utilized with the following restrictions: a. All groups are limited to members of the same household or living unit. b. No group can exceed ten persons. c. All persons using the beach, who are not part of members of the same household or living unit, shall comply with Social Distancing Requirements, provided that a caregiver may accompany a dependent. d. The beach or sand area may only be used one-half hour before sunrise to one-half hour after sunset, unless the person is engaged in shore fishing or permitted outdoor exercise. e. All other State of Hawaiʻi or City restrictions related to COVID-19 must be followed, including, but not limited to, any applicable quarantine restrictions. If you have any questions on Mayor Caldwell’s Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order 2.0, as amended, visit the website, oneoahu.org to find answers to some frequently asked questions. If you still do not find an answer to your question on the site, O‘ahu residents can call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov. The City and County of Honolulu COVID-19 information call center remains open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on holidays.

An online tutorial is available to assist the public with creating their account and profile. Click here to view it.

Hawaii will soon be opening COVID-19 vaccinations to those age 70+ as the state receives more doses of the vaccine. Currently, kupuna age 75+ are eligible to get vaccinated. The Hawaii State Department of Health will announce when vaccination sites begin to accept registrations for this next group of people age 70+. For the latest info on vaccine registration: https://hawaiicovid19.com/vaccination-registration/

County of Hawai'i

For the first time, Kishimoto offered more details on what that timeline looks like, saying public schools in Hawaii won’t reopen fully to in-person instruction before the fall.

Kahalu‘u Community Park

Procedures for written and road driving-test applications are being reviewed and will be announced at a later time.

Kāne‘ohe Community & Senior Center

The Hawaii State Public Library System announced its statewide launch of Library Take Out at 47 of our 51 public libraries. Starting Tuesday, May 26th, library patrons may now schedule a Library Take Out appointment time to pick up their hold item(s) at their favorite library.

The modified Summer Fun Program will be offered on weekdays, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. from Wednesday July, 1 through Tuesday, July 28 (excluding the holiday on Friday, July 3).

Pacific Palisades Community Park

Gov. David Ige signed a 6th supplementary emergency proclamation extending the stay-at-home order across the state through May 31.

Also included in the amended Ho‘oulu i Honolulu 3.0, a replacement of Order 3 relating to indoor and outdoor gatherings. Effective immediately, outdoor gatherings of up to ten individuals are permitted as long as physical distancing is maintained between the groups of up to ten individuals to the extent possible. Outdoor events involving a total of 100 individuals or more are still prohibited.

If you require special assistance, please call 586-6800 or email your request to waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov.

Modifications to the timetable include:

The eviction moratorium, which prevents any eviction from a residential dwelling for failure to pay rent, also remains in effect through May 31.

Click here to view more information, including school sites and pick-up times.

Chaminade University - Dr. Lynn Babington, President

The Special Committee will reconvene tomorrow to hear from the following departments and organizations:

Legislative Timetable: Both the Senate and House have agreed on a modified timetable that has the legislative session convening on January 20, 2021 and adjourning sine die on April 29, 2021.

The Hawai‘i Department of Health is partnering with a number of pharmacies to conduct drive-through vaccination events or in-home vaccinations.

Eligibility will be based on current and projected vaccination numbers, appointment availability--and most importantly--the amount of vaccine allocated and available.

The letter to Mayor Caldwell lists the actions taken by the Hawai‘i Department of Transportation to screen and verify passenger information and require compliance with the state’s quarantine orders, but says that the public is consistently reporting “travelers blatantly violating” the quarantine.

Participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations.

For more information on the Aloha Safe Travels app, go to https://www.wearealohasafe.org.

Temperature checks will continue at airports across the state. Anyone with a temperature higher than 100.4 degrees or who is experiencing other symptoms will be required to undergo a secondary screening at the airport with trained healthcare staff.

District 3

Hō‘ae‘ae Community Park

Retail establishments should meet the following guidelines:

View List of Vaccination Providers

Testing for regular PCR (nose swab) will be conducted as it has been done previously. If one desires this testing, the attending doctor will determine who should be tested. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head here. Testing will be offered without charge for those without insurance.

Walk-in-and-wait transactions will not be offered. The public can continue to do express payment services, such as water bill payments and annual vehicle registration renewals, via online, mail-in or by 24/7 kiosk options.

This would free up appointment slots for transactions that can more efficiently be completed in-person, such as applying for a disability-parking permit, junking a vehicle or performing complicated motor vehicle transactions related to a lost title or difficult registrations.

Kāne‘ohe District Park

Plan to Make Your Vaccination Appointment

The special committee will convene to assess and advise the Senate regarding the State of Hawaii's COVID-19 plans and procedures for reopening the economy and the plans for economic recovery.

In 2020, the Coronavirus 19 (COVID-19) pandemic heightened these development goals, by shedding light on key areas that must be addressed to further our sustainable development goals and create a more sustainable Hawaii. The Sustainable Development Goals the State Senate are prioritizing are:

Kalākaua District Park

Ms. Angela Keen

Learn More About Variant Detection in Hawai‘i

You probably donʻt need an expert to tell you that the COVID-19 pandemic is taking a toll on our individual and collective mental health. Even for those of us lucky enough not to be touched by the actual virus, the impact on our daily lives is stressful at best. And for many facing unemployment and financial, work or family distress, it can be devastating. Some experts predict the mental health repercussions will last long after the virus is under control. Hawai‘i is staying ahead of the curve by ramping up counseling and an array of services to help residents experiencing anxiety, depression, panic or just feeling overwhelmed as the pandemic reaches the one-year milestone this month. Thatʻs the motivation and mission behind the Department of Health’s new program “Kū Makani—The Hawai‘i Resiliency Project.” This service launched in January and offers dedicated crisis counseling to callers facing emotional fallout related to the COVID-19 pandemic. There are also virtual events for individuals and groups of all ages as well as island-specific resources and referrals. “It is normal to experience difficulty with adapting to the new challenges of managing work, school, family, or home due to COVID-19, to feel isolated or anxious, or to worry about meeting basic needs like having enough food or access to healthcare,” says Kathleen Merriam, Team Leader for Kū Makani. “If you or someone you love needs support, don’t be afraid to reach out.” Kū Makani is named for the Hawaiian plant ʻaʻaliʻi kū makani—which grows well in strong winds, reflecting a spirit of resilience in challenging circumstances. The program was made possible through a partnership with CARE Hawaii, Inc. and funded by a $2 million federal government grant from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA).

Are You Fully Vaccinated?

12:30 p.m. Airlines for America

Hawaii Quarantine Kapu Breakers

The committee will be meeting with the following to discuss enforcement of the 14-day quarantine and stay-at-home orders:

The Special Committee on COVID-19 will meet tomorrow with the following:

Certain designated businesses and operations in the City and County of Honolulu will be allowed to re-open on May 15, by following specific guidelines as detailed Emergency Order No. 2020-10. The Amended and Restated Stay at Home/Work from Home Order, now under the new name “Ho‘oulu i Honolulu” or “Restore Honolulu” Order, incorporates all prior Emergency Orders, including the wearing of non-medical grade face coverings, social distancing requirements, and the limited opening of City parks.

Effective Friday, June 19, indoor gatherings of up to ten individuals (regardless of household or living unit affiliation) would be allowed to resume on O‘ahu. Indoor events involving over 50 individuals are still prohibited.

Pālolo Valley District Park

GDP History, Outlook, and Potential Sector Growth:

If you miss your day, don’t worry, Thursdays through Sundays are open.

94-1480 Moaniani St, Waipahu

DPR is privileged to participate in the Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) in conjunction with Summer Fun.

1010 Pensacola St, Honolulu

For the other eight satellite city halls on O‘ahu, precautions are in place to ensure the safety of customers and employees, who will be required to wear facial coverings and remain six-feet apart from others during all in-office transactions.

Department of Transportation

Today the Hawai‘i Department of Health announced the state will extend COVID-19 vaccine eligibility to people age 60 and older beginning Monday, March 29.

Ala Wai Community Park

In the past two months, about 12.5% of Hawai‘i residents have received their first dose of a COVID-19 vaccine. We are making progress in administering the vaccinations to high-risk and top-priority groups. To date, slightly more than half, or 55%, of kūpuna age 75 and above have been vaccinated with at least one dose. Unfortunately, severe winter storms on the continental U.S. are affecting shipments to our islands this week and some appointments had to be postponed. We will keep distributing vaccines as soon as we get them--to reach as many Hawai‘i residents as possible as quickly as possible.

Kamehameha Community Park

Phase 2:

The COVID-19 vaccine is now available at the Neal Blaisdell Concert Hall for adults 75 years of age and older. Vaccinations are by appointment only.

‘Ewa Mahiko District Park

The City and County of Honolulu is pleased to announce it is supporting more drive-thru COVID-19 testing this week.

View the Latest Data on COVID-19 Cases and Vaccinations

The City and County of Honolulu announced that it has reopened its online appointment system for driver license and state identification card services.

Below are those online registration dates and procedures which are determined by geographic park district. All dates and times are Hawai‘i Standard Time:

Customers should NOT worry about their power being shut off due to nonpayment through the end of June, and any threat of immediate disconnection unless payment is made received before June 30 should be treated as a scam. Customers experiencing financial hardship because of the pandemic are urged to contact Hawaiian Electric to discuss payment arrangements and options.

Addressing the public health needs of the COVID-19 pandemic is another pillar to the comprehensive funding plan. “The Legislature’s plan devotes $100 million to distribute ample sanitation and PPE supplies for essential workers beyond the health care community including child care facilities, elderly care homes, small businesses, schools, and non-profits that work with populations vulnerable to the coronavirus,” said Senate President Ronald Kouchi.

Tracking Hawaiiʻs progress: How are we doing as a state?

Safety Protocols: The Senate is reinforcing pre-existing protocols and implementing several new measures to prevent and mitigate the spread of COVID-19 while maintaining an open and transparent legislative process.

Kaiser Permanente members must schedule an appointment through an e-Visit. For more information, please visit https://healthy.kaiserpermanente.org/hawaii/health-wellness/coronavirus-information/covid-vaccine . If you’re unable to schedule your appointment online, call (808) 432-2000 (TTY 711), Mon – Fri, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

The Senate's primary budgetary focus will be on deploying the existing federal CARES Act money,” said Senate President Kouchi.

Dr. Bruce Anderson, Director

Satellite city halls across O‘ahu will start reopening July 1 for regular in-office service on an appointment-only basis.

Kaiser Waipio Medical Office

Those whose last name starts with H through O should file on Tuesdays.

1:30 p.m.

Parking: No charge. Enter from King St. into Blaisdell Parking Lot. ADA accommodations available.

Tomorrow, May 8, Kalihi Kai Urgent Care will conduct testing at ʻEwa Beach Community Park. Testing will be from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.

‘Aiea District Park

Antibody testing determines whether a patient was exposed to COVID-19 and now has antibodies against the virus; it is not used to determine whether someone currently has the disease. The test also does not tell you whether or not you may be susceptible to getting COVID-19 again. Patients should discuss results with their healthcare provider to understand what the results mean for them.

Mākaha Community Park

The Hawai‘i State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 will hold a meeting beginning at 1 p.m. today, live on ‘Ōlelo channel 49 on O‘ahu and http://olelo.org/49. The State Capitol remains closed to the public.

Download the essential workers vaccination toolkit

Phase 2 similarly applies to the outdoor team sports included in Phase 1, but incorporates competitive team play.

2021-25-02-Commencement and Transition Ceremony Guidelines for School Year 2020-21.pdf (hawaiipublicschools.org)

DATE: Wednesday, August 19, 2020 TIME: 1:30 p.m. PLACE: Conference Room 211 THE STATE CAPITOL IS CLOSED TO THE PUBLIC DURING THE ONGOING COVID-19 EPIDEMIC A live stream of all Senate Standing Committee meetings will be available online. Selected hearings will also be broadcast live on ‘Ōlelo Community Media. AGENDA 1:30 p.m. Department of Human Resources Development (ZOOM) Mr. Ryker Wada, Director 2:00 p.m. Hawaii Emergency Management Agency (ZOOM) Major General Kenneth Hara, Incident Commander 3:00 p.m. Department of Education (ZOOM) [HARD STOP @ 4pm] Dr. Christina Kishimoto, Superintendent 4:00 p.m. Department of Health - Behavioral Health Services Administration (ZOOM) Mr. Edward Mersereau, Deputy Director No public testimony will be accepted. If you require other auxiliary aids or services to participate in the public hearing process (i.e., interpretive services (oral or written) or ASL interpreter), please contact the committee clerk at least 24 hours prior to the hearing so that arrangements can be made. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION, PLEASE CALL THE COMMITTEE CLERK AT (808) 586-6800.

The 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation, EXHIBIT G, lists the businesses/operations designated for re-opening, and outlines specific safety guidelines for each. It also includes county-specific requirements. For example, retail businesses on Oʻahu may not open until May 15, 2020, and Maui County will not allow retail, most repair shops and malls to reopen at this time.

Are you eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Hawaii?

The special committee will be meeting with the following:

Wahiawā District Park

Gov. Ige has approved Mayor Kirk Caldwell’s proposal to allow singing and/or playing of wind instruments at indoor and outdoor restaurants/bars, with some restrictions.

In order to balance the childcare needs of our island community with the safety guidelines established due to COVID-19, there will be significant changes to the number of keiki that our facilities and staff can accommodate, the activities offered, and overall program procedures:

Over 34,000 households are expected to receive help from the plan’s $100 million funded rental and housing assistance subsidies. The State’s most financially vulnerable households will receive rental assistance in the form of a $500 monthly subsidy or 50% of rent, whichever is lesser, for up to five months from August 1 to December 31.

Some changes include:

Throughout the 2021 Legislative Session, all Senate proceedings will be live-streamed on the Hawai‘i State Senate's YouTube page. In addition to the live streams, the Senate will continue working with public access television providers on all islands to broadcast Senate committee hearings and floor sessions. Members will be given the option to participate in all proceedings either in-person or remotely via videoconference. The public will have the opportunity to provide testimony in writing and via videoconference through the Legislature's website, allowing broader participation for those who previously were unable to get to the State Capitol.

The public is reminded that the parking lot at the Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be closed to the public until 3 p.m. to allow for breakdown of testing tents and clearing of cones and barriers. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Vaccine eligibility on all islands will expand Monday, April 5 to include essential workers in construction, banking and finance, communications, media, retail, information technology, clergy, and transportation and logistics.

Gov. Ige issued the initial emergency proclamation for COVID-19 on Mar. 4, 2020 followed by:

Crestview Community Park

Wai‘anae District Park

Hawaii Pacific Health is administering vaccines at the Pier 2 Cruise Terminal, located at 521 Ala Moana Blvd, Honolulu. As of today, February 25, 2021, all Oahu appointments are full. Additional appointments will be added as more vaccine becomes available. Please check https://www.hawaiipacifichealth.org/hph-covid-19-updates/vaccine-update/

Florists statewide will be allowed to deliver flowers starting this Friday. Gov. Ige has given permission for florists to get back to business May 1, this after the governor himself revoked just two days ago a special exemption florists got for a 10-day window around Mother’s Day.

Kaiser Permanente

Waialua District Park

The stay-at-home order means residents may leave their homes only for various essential needs, including healthcare, purchasing food, medicine, gasoline, taking care of the elderly, minors, or those with disabilities, returning to a place of residence outside of Hawai‘i, picking up educational materials for distance learning, receiving meals or other related services. Outdoor exercise is also permitted – including swimming, surfing and walking pets.

The DOE has created guidelines to set limits on the number of people who can greet graduates and where the celebrations can take place.

The emergency proclamation lifts the quarantine requirement for inter-island travelers effective 12:01 a.m. on June 16, 2020. However, it also leaves in place the quarantine requirement for out-of-state travelers. The governor has the authority to make exemptions for transit corridors/bubbles.

The Senate floor session will convene at 11:30 a.m. on Monday, June 22, with hearings getting underway that morning. The session is scheduled to adjourn on Friday, July 10. The new legislative timetable is available here: https://www.capitol.hawaii.gov/docs/2020calendar.pdf

All Residents 16+ Are Becoming Eligible April 19

Phase 1-B: Began in December and is expected to be completed in May, focuses on those over the age of 75 not included in phase 1-A and frontline essential workers. The list of frontline essential workers includes:

The State Capitol building will remain closed to the public at least through June 30, 2020. Entry into the building will continue to be limited through the main double glass doors on the basement level from 7:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., and the National Guard will continue temperature screening everyone entering the building. Entry will be limited to employees and authorized guests. For more details, please read the memo dated May 22, 2020, from the Comptroller: Revised - Capitol Security Access Procedures

The Hawai‘i State Senate Committee on Ways and Means today deferred pay raises for legislators and state officials this year that had been recommended by the Salary Commission prior to the COVID-19 pandemic.

In addition, running, jogging or walking on the beach will be permitted, as long as social distancing requirements are observed.

Mānana Community Park

For more information, please visit their website at librarieshawaii.org.

1. Patrons go to HSPLS Library Catalog and place a hold on any item(s) they want to borrow, or they may call their favorite library branch to place a hold with our staff.

Our Public Health Nurses aren’t able to visit every home with a COVID-19 patient. So they looked for another way to deliver the detailed information these patients and caregivers need. They brought this dilemma to state and community partners and brainstormed the best way to help. The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency (Emergency Support Function) ESF-8, Community Care/Outreach Unit team conducted extensive statewide surveys of residents and families, as well as health and social service providers, about their needs and concerns during this pandemic.

This year registration will be conducted primarily online thanks to new software developed by the Honolulu Department of Information Technology. The software is called Parks and Recreation Online System, or PROS, and works best using the Google Chrome web browser.

Starting today, more people are eligible to get vaccinated in Hawaii. People age 65 and older, individuals with high-risk medical conditions, as well as essential workers listed in phase 1C, now qualify to get the vaccine, though there will be an emphasis on certain groups. You can read more about that here, as well as register to get vaccinated: https://hawaiicovid19.com/vaccination-registration/

District 3 (Pearlridge to Waiʻanae to Wahiawā) - ph. (808) 768-6889

Online Registration begins Saturday, June 20 at 9 a.m.

All in-office transactions will be served on an appointment-only basis. Masks or face coverings are required during in-office visits.

12:00 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

Moanalua Community Park

Ms. Susan Ballard, Chief of Police

Members of the Hawaii Executive Collaborative will present on a tourism recovery plan to create a task force to establish a travel bubble corridor. The corridor is for travel by two regions, both of which contained the virus, and who agree to a quarantine-free travel zone.

The state Department of Transportation will require thermal screening at the airport for everyone traveling inter-island. HDOT will also require travelers to fill out a new form that will now also ask for health-related information to assist the state in tracking and responding to new COVID-19 cases.

The changes are related to:

AlohaSafe Alert works in a simple 5-step process: download, diagnose, verify, notify and quarantine. When you download the app, your phone will send random IDs out to other users with the app. If you test positive and anonymously share your diagnosis to the app, it will let others know instantly of exposure without any of your personal information at all. Let’s all work together to slow the spread of the virus and keep our community safe.

Please use this toolkit to help our community build confidence in COVID-19 vaccination. This information will help you and your workers stay educated and informed, as well as know what to expect when it's your turn to receive the vaccine. Essential workers can now register for an appointment at vaccination sites throughout the state.

Ms. Clare Connors, Attorney General

CVS/Longs Drugs

The Executive Office on Early Learning is working closely with the Department of Human Services and other agencies and stakeholders to coordinate early childhood care during the COVID-19 crisis. The departments have announced subsidy changes to its assistance program for families and providers and are encouraging more families to apply. Get more information about applying to Child Care Connection Hawai‘i online by clicking on this link - bit.ly/ApplyCCCH.

This software utilizes the same HNL.Info log-in that many O‘ahu residents already possess. We encourage the public to create an HNL.Info account and a PROS profile ahead of registration by visiting: https://pros.hnl.info.

Every1ne Hawaii - Mr. Robert Kurisu, Co-Founder

The amended bill notes that in expectation of an economic downturn due to COVID-19, “the State Council on Revenues lowered its fiscal year 2021 forecast from four per cent to zero per cent, meaning that the State will have about $225,000,000 less in revenues than expected.”

11:30 a.m. - Department of Taxation, Ms. Rona Suzuki, Director

3:30 p.m. Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

Test participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Out-of-state travelers arriving in Hawai‘i must get a PCR test prior to arrival from any testing location approved by the Hawai‘i State Department of Health. Evidence of a negative test result must be provided upon arrival in Hawai‘i. Without this, passengers arriving from out-of-state will be subject to the 14-day quarantine. No testing will be provided upon arrival at the airport.

The plan sets aside $230 million to support unemployed residents until the end of the year. “These critical funds will provide a new state unemployment insurance weekly benefit that replaces the weekly federal plus-up payments set to expire July 31,” explained Senator Dela Cruz, Chair of the Senate Ways and Means Committee. “Beginning August 1, an estimated 117,000 unemployed individuals will receive the State’s enhanced weekly unemployment benefit of $100.”

⚠️ You never have to pay to get your name on a vaccination list. ⚠️ You can’t pay to “jump the line” and get earlier access to the vaccine. ⚠️ No legitimate vaccine provider will call and ask for your Social Security, bank account or credit card number. Do not answer a call from an unknown number or from an unfamiliar location. If in doubt, hang up and report the call to SMP Hawaii at (808) 586-7281, or visit www.smphawaii.org to learn about recent scams. For more info https://hawaiicovid19.com/vaccinebeware/

Oahu (808) 832-3100 Neighbor Islands: Maui, Kauai & Hawaii 1 (800) 753-6879 Kū Makani crisis counseling hours: 4:00 p.m. - 9:00 p.m. Monday-Friday 9:00a.m. – 9:00 p.m. Saturday & Sunday

According to the Department of Health, the state is expected bring up its total amount of doses received to over 80,000 doses.

PRESCHOOL OPEN DOORS PROGRAM ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS

Mānoa Valley District Park

District 2

If you are in this vaccination group, please follow these instructions:

Mayor Caldwell’s proposal includes the Friday, May 29th resumption of operations with modifications for “personal service providers” including:

Food Service Program:

4. Anyone with unexplained respiratory illness since January 2020 who were never tested for COVID-19

Please note that there may be committee members or invited speakers participating remotely via video or teleconference.

Whitmore Community Park

The Hawaii State Legislature will reconvene next Monday, May 11th. This reconvened session is expected to be about 6-10 days to address state budget issues and for the Senate to take up confirmation hearings for various state boards and commissions. The Ways and Means and Finance Committees will need to consider an estimated $1 billion in budget cuts from the $8 billion general fund budget, while minimizing cuts to social services or pay cuts or furloughs. All meetings and hearings will be broadcast live on Olelo; however, the public will not be able to attend, and written testimony will be excepted via submission.

Antibody Testing will be through actual blood draw. Licensed practitioners will be on site to conduct this test, and the samples are sent to local labs for analysis and reporting. The testing will be free if covered by the patient’s insurance, but a charge of $40 will be made to each patient without insurance by local labs who will bill the patients. Those only taking part in the Antibody Testing will not need to self-quarantine. The following categories of individuals are encouraged to be tested by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi:

Download and Share Home Care Booklet

The bill defers all salary increases slated for this fiscal year for members of the legislature, the governor, lieutenant governor, justices and judges of all state courts, administrative director of the State or an equivalent position, and department heads or executive officers and the deputies or assistants to the department heads or executive officers of the departments.

Kauluwela Community Park

Mr. Ross Higashi, Deputy Director

Gov. Ige signed a 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation that authorizes the first group of businesses to re-open since the COVID-19 pandemic forced the temporary closure of non-essential businesses across the state on Mar. 25.

2. Healthcare Workers and First Responders

New resource! Booklet helps you and your loved ones develop a COVID-19 care plan

Anderson said he is optimistic the process will go well. He said the hospital is expecting another tray next week that is specifically allocated for second doses.

The Hawai‘i State Senate is scheduled to resume its 2020 session June 22 to July 10. Committees will be considering a limited number of critical bills that were put on hold when the Senate was forced to recess in mid-March due to COVID-19. The Senate will also be allocating additional federal funding from the CARES Act.

Kahala Community Park

The Legislature is currently in recess, pursuant to S.C.R. No. 244.

Ms. Jade Fountain-Tanigawa, County Clerk

Gov. David Ige signed a ninth supplementary emergency proclamation that extends the COVID-19 emergency period through July 31.

Letter to Mayor Caldwell

The City and County of Honolulu COVID-19 information call center remains open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on holidays. O‘ahu residents are encouraged to visit the website, oneoahu.org to get answers to frequently asked questions about Mayor Caldwell’s “Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order”. If they do not find an answer to their questions on the site, residents can call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov.

She says summer classes could also be held in-person. Additionally, the state Department of Education announced on February 25 that limited, in-person commencements can be held this year.

As vaccines become more widely available, the Hawaii Department of Health (HDOH) has suggested moving towards the second allocation phase for the COVID-19 vaccine. This means that the following Phase 1b essential workers will be given initial priority at this time:

Driver’s licensing and Satellite City Halls: All six of the driver licensing centers in the City and County of Honolulu are open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. The online appointment system for appoints for driver licenses and state identification services can be accessed at alohaq.org. The system has been revised to serve the greatest needs first. For assistance with making an appointment, call: (808) 768-4177. Masks or face coverings are required during all in-office visits. For more information, visit honolulu.gov.csd. The Kapahulu Vehicle Reconstruction Inspection Station in the City and County of Honolulu is open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. For assistance, call: (808) 768-4325.

The annual Hawaii State Judiciary juror questionnaires will soon be mailed to individuals who have a Hawaii state driver’s license or are registered to vote in Hawaii. Beginning August 3, approximately 235,000 juror questionnaires will be mailed to 85,000 residents on Oahu, 55,000 in Maui County, 70,000 on Hawaii Island, and 25,000 on Kauai. They are used to help select potential jurors who may be eligible to serve in 2021. Individuals are selected at random. Anyone receiving a questionnaire has 10 days to complete and return it to the Jury Pool Office in the envelope provided. Those who fail to respond may be penalized. To be eligible to serve as a juror, you must be at least 18 years old, a citizen of the United States, a resident of Hawaii, and able to read and understand English. The Hawaii State Department of Health is in varying stages of reviewing and approving the circuit courts’ health-and-safety plans to resume jury selection and jury trials. The plan includes touchless temperature scans and CDC-recommended screening questions before entering a courthouse; required face coverings; enforced social distancing measures; and increased cleaning and disinfecting of our facilities.

Clinic Hours of Operation : 8:00 am – 6:30 pm The line is open Monday – Friday, 7:30 am – 5 pm Closed Tuesday

New service simplifies COVID-19 vaccination registration process for kūpuna

The committee asked that he consider the public’s safety and issue a directive to judges to require bail prior to release and conditions such as ankle bracelets for quarantine violators.

3. Front line tourism industry workers with direct exposure to visitors

Mr. Jade Butay, Director

Neighborhood Board Commission: Neighborhood boards will resume public meetings beginning June 1. Physical distancing requirements are followed. For meeting information, please contact the NCO at 768-3710, email nco@honolulu.gov, or visit the office’s website at honolulu.gov/nco.

Under the CARES Act, Hawai'i has been given a total of $862,823,978 to support the State and smaller Counties. A separate allocation of $387,176,021 was provided to the City & County of Honolulu. The Senate has proposed allocating the funds in a responsible, prudent and conservative expenditure approach to meet both statewide and county needs. Below are some highlights. $175 million to support the various counties;

County of Maui

City and County of Honolulu’s proposal to Governor David Ige has been approved to allow for the safe reopening of the following designated business and operations with limitations as outlined in the replacement Exhibit A of the Emergency Order No. 2020-15 (Amendment to Ho‘oulu i Honolulu 3.0), effective Friday, June 19:

To report a possible self-quarantine violation, contact your county police department at 911. The police have access to all data pertaining to airport arrivals.

City and County of Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell announced a new emergency aid program for Oahu residents. Individuals under financial hardship will be eligible for up to $1,000 for basic needs such as rent and utilities, and up to an additional $500 for basic childcare. The program will begin on May 18.

1. Previous COVID-19 positive individuals and their families and close contacts

Leaders of the Hawaii State Teachers Association, Hawaii Government Employees Association, and United Public Workers agreed with a revised Hawaiʻi State Department of Education recommendation to the school board that will adjust the 2020–21 school year calendar, and start students later - from the original August 4 date to August 17. The deal will need the approval of the Hawaiʻi Board Of Education, which will hold a special meeting this Thursday, July 30, at 1 p.m. Ten-month DOE employees will still report to work as planned on Wednesday, July 29. According to HSTA, the agreement would give educators nine (9) additional days of training and preparation time on top of the regularly scheduled two (2) administration days and two (2) teacher preparation days between July 29 and Aug. 3. The extra time “would allow for training, planning, and preparation for the safe return of students to classrooms.” News of the agreement was shared by the unions to its membership, and a statement from Superintendent Dr. Christina Kishimoto was also posted to the DOE website. “HIDOE leadership has been working with the unions throughout the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure our students get the education they deserve and our employees have a safe work environment,” Dr. Kishimoto said. “We have continued these conversations and reached a conditional agreement today to propose a delayed start for students to accommodate concerns regarding employee training.” “Throughout our discussions, we were mindful that any adjustments to the calendar must focus on educating and supporting students,” Kishimoto said. “We also acknowledge the voice of our families, partners and employees who are not represented by the unions yet are impacted by this decision.” “We will use this time to prepare at yet another level, but I recognize this comes at a cost for public school parents and our students,” the Superintendent concluded. “My expectation is that if the Board approves the two week delay, that our labor partners will do an aggressive push to their members to be at schoolhouse doors on day one for our students.”

Mr. Glen Takahashi, City Clerk

12:45p.m. Department of the Attorney General - Ms. Clare Connors, Attorney General

Testing is being done from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. today, April 22 at The Church of Jesus Christ of the Latter-Day Saints in Wahiawā. Testing will be made available to those without insurance as well. For more information on this testing, please call Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Testimony will be provided by Hawaii Executive Collaborative members Paul Yonamine, Duane Kurisu, and Lori Teranishi. Please note that there may be committee members or invited speakers participating remotely via video or teleconference.

Do you have questions about the COVID-19 vaccines? Learning more about vaccines is an important step to protect our community. Stay updated with the latest information on the COVID-19 vaccines at http://hsalinks.com/3cDLQzT.

**Phase 1-C: Is scheduled to begin in March and run through May, focusing on those ages 65 to 74, as well as those with chronic diseases and essential workers not previously included in Phase 1-A or 1-B. Please check https://hawaiicovid19.com/vaccine/ or https://www.oneoahu.org/vaccine for updates on when this group will be eligible to register for the vaccine.

Department of Transportation – Airports Division

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. The meeting will also be livestreaming on olelo.org/49.

The COVID-19 vaccine is now available at vaccination clinics at Honolulu and Waipio Medical Offices, only for Kaiser Permanente members 75 years of age and older. Vaccinations are by appointment only.

Waipahū District Park

To learn more about #AlohaSafeAlert app, visit alohasafealert.org.

The AlohaSafe Alert app was developed in partnership with the state Department of Health (DOH), aio Digital, Hawai‘i Executive Collaborative and Every1ne Hawaiʻi, to reduce the spread of COVID-19 by notifying users if they have been potentially exposed to the virus.

Kalama Beach Park

Test participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them.

The 2020 Summer Fun Program will not require any fees or payment on the part of the participating families. In the past, Summer Fun registration was done in-person as a result of these prior payments. This resulted in eager parents waiting for hours, sometimes days, at various park locations to secure a spot for their keiki.

https://www.cvs.com/immunizations/covid-19-vaccine

District 2 (Makiki to ʻAiea) - ph. (808) 768-9292

This is also a wonderful resource for any and everyone wanting to learn more about COVID prevention and best practices, such as mask hygiene, recognizing symptoms and contact tracing. Download the Home Care for Persons with COVID-19 booklet or find it under Guidance Documents on HawaiiCOVID19.com/resources/#guidance-documents.

No public testimony will be accepted.

Locations:

O‘ahu residents with a hardship or special need outside these parameters can call (808) 768-4177 for assistance.

Clinic Hours of Operation: Monday - Friday 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. Closed 12 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Saturday 8 a.m. to noon Closed Sunday

The City’s COVID-19 information call center remains open every day from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., except on holidays. Oahu residents are encouraged to visit the website, oneoahu.org for more information on Proclamations, Emergency Orders, Business Resources, and Financial and Housing Assistance Programs in the City and County of Honolulu. If you do not find what you are looking for on the site, please feel free to call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov.

The latest proclamation also allows residents to leave their homes to patronize certain businesses and activities under the new “Safer-at-Home” order.

Hawaii Pacific Health

3:00 p.m. Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery & Resiliency Plan

City and County of Honolulu

Sign up for an easy way to stay informed about getting a COVID-19 vaccine at VA at https://www.va.gov/health-care/covid-19-vaccine/stay-informed. When you sign up, the VA will also ask about your vaccine plans. Your local VA health facility may use this information to determine when to contact you once your risk group becomes eligible. The VA will contact every eligible Veteran in each risk group. You don’t need to sign up to get a vaccine. For more information, visit https://www.va.gov/health-care/covid-19-vaccine/

District 1

Here’s how it works:

Agenda for today's meeting found below. Watch it live on Olelo 49.

The 2020 SFSP is sponsored by the United States Department of Agriculture, and will provide lunch to Summer Fun participants 18 years and younger. SFSP will begin on July 6 and run through July 17 at select, qualified Summer Fun sites. Those participating will be listed on DPR’s website: http://bit.ly/SummerFunOahu

Mililani District Park

The survey will help the Department of Health determine the number of vaccine doses that are required for essential workers in each organization and to streamline the scheduling process and administration of the vaccines.

Leaders from the Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project joined Mayor Caldwell to announce a new program to provide support for the psychological well-being and mental health needs of individuals seeking help during the COVID-19 pandemic. The program, conceptualized by Dr. Lawrie Ignacio and Dr. Graham Taylor and coordinated by the Hawai‘i Psychological Association, offers free mental health services provided by a Pro Bono Service Provider to uninsured residents on Oʻahu and throughout the state. The Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project is a multi-disciplinary initiative that unites several mental health care communities with the common goal of ensuring that more Hawai‘i residents have access to quality mental health care. To ensure proper physical distancing during the Mayor’s “Ho’oulu i Honolulu” Order, all therapy and counseling services under the program will be provided exclusively via online telehealth platforms. People can access the service on a first-come, first-serve basis by logging on to https://www.hawaiipsychology.org/ and clicking on the “Please click HERE for more information” link under the heading: Hawai'i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project. The link will direct the individual seeking services to a description page outlining the terms of the Project, where he or she can then click on another link to submit a request for services. Once a request is submitted, the individual seeking services will be contacted by a Project coordinator who will assist in linking the individual to an available provider. The Project coordinators are asking for patience up front from those seeking mental health services provided by the Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project, as mental health providers are in high demand and matching requests with available providers at any given time may require a waiting period. The program does not offer a triage service, so interested residents may need to contact other community mental health services in order to secure timely services. Additionally, services being provided through the Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project are not suitable for urgent and crisis situations as the Project will not be able to immediately connect individuals in severe distress with an available provider. Those experiencing severe distress, or an emergency, are asked to call emergency and crisis personnel who can provide an immediate response. Along with the City’s 768-CITY information helpline, the City also created a website at www.oneoahu.org to provide information about Mayor Caldwell’s Emergency Order, provide updates on the availability of City services, and direct residents to quality, trusted COVID-19 healthcare information. For residents who do not find the information they are looking for on the website, residents can also email covidresponse@honolulu.gov to ask questions and get a response from City staff. To learn more about the Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project visit https://www.hawaiipsychology.org/.

The public is reminded that parking lots at the two sites will be closed to the public until 2 p.m. to allow for breakdown of testing tents and clearing of cones and barriers. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Fern Community Park

Wailupe Community Park

Mr. Sean Williams, Vice President

Antibody testing determines whether a patient had COVID-19 and now has antibodies against the virus; it is not used to determine whether someone currently has the disease. The test also does not tell you whether or not you may be susceptible to getting COVID again. Patients should discuss results with their healthcare provider to understand what the results mean for them.

As Hawai‘i continues to vaccinate our community and work toward herd immunity, it is important for every resident to understand the importance of getting vaccinated to protect ourselves and those around us.

Mr. Rodrigo Romo, Program Director

Reconstructed vehicle inspection is another in-office visit that will be served strictly on an appointment-only basis.

COVID-19 testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex and Kakaʻako Waterfront Park will be available this weekend. Drive-thru testing for COVID-19 will be offered at both locations, but a new Antibody Testing will be offered as well.

Hawaii Technology Development Corporation

Mr. Scott Nago, Chief Election Officer

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency - Ms. Alexandra Slous, State Disaster Recovery Coordinator

The state Department of Labor and Industrial Relations is kicking off an alphabetical system to ease the burden on the antiquated technology that has crashed multiple times over the past few weeks.

To view the guidelines, head here - https://health.hawaii.gov/coronavirusdisease2019/files/2020/04/What-To-Do-If-You-Have-Been-Tested-For-COVID19_040120.pdf.

Mr. Jon Henricks, County Clerk

The COVID-19 Hardship Relief program will provide funding support to Oahu residents with amounts up to $1,000 per month for qualified household expenses, and up to $500 per month for qualified childcare expenses to aid in lessening economic hardships caused by the pandemic. Each household may receive continued benefits as hardship continues, up to 6 months.

Approach to Job Creation:

Hawai‘i seniors age 75+ may make appointments for both required doses via CVS.com or through the CVS Pharmacy app. Those without online access can call customer service: (800) 746-7287. CVS cannot administer vaccinations to walk-in customers without an appointment.

Honolulu Police Department

The partnering pharmacies throughout the state include: ElixRx Pharmacy, 5 Minute Pharmacy, Foodland Pharmacy, KTA Pharmacy, Pharmacare Hawaii, The Queen’s Medical Center Pharmacy, and Times Pharmacy. As of Friday, the DOH has administered more than 56,000 vaccines and has received 152,650 doses from Moderna and Pfizer-BioNTech combined.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick-up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also stream live online at olelo.org/49.

The Hawaii State Department of Education (HIDOE) Grab-and-Go school meals program will be extended at select meal sites for an extra four days beyond the end of the school year on May 28 and transition to the summer meal program which runs through July 17. Certain schools will provide meals to children 18 years or younger, free of charge, regardless of eligibility for free or reduced price meals.

The special committee will convene to discuss the impact of COVID-19 on the upcoming elections. Specific topics include the number of Voter Service Centers, available drop boxes, and the steps being taken to ensure the health and safety of voters.

Kamilo Iki Community Park

Swanzy Beach Park

Queen’s Health Systems

For Fitness facilities to reopen, operators must limit occupancy to no more than fifty percent of the maximum occupant load, establish physical distancing guidelines (at least six feet), limit locker room access and the number of persons who use amenities of the facilities at the same time, and keep water fountains closed, except for those designed to refill water bottles in a contact-free manner.

For those who do not have computer or internet access, accommodations are available to facilitate their registration into the program. Please call the Summer Fun site for those accommodations. A list of the 65 program sites is included at the bottom of this announcement for your convenience.

Click HERE to read the full press release.

4:15 p.m. Department of Taxation

Library Take Out service is not available at the following libraries: Liliha, McCully, Pearl City and the Hawaii State Library. No book donations will be accepted at this time.

Phase 1c:

More COVID-19 testing will be available at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex and Kakaʻako Waterfront Park this weekend. Drive-thru testing for COVID-19 will be offered at both locations, but a new Antibody Testing will be offered as well.

For each location, follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. This is part of an effort to do focused testing in communities across Oʻahu. Results of the testing will be used to identify COVID-19 “Hot Spots” to help in their containment.

To help lessen demand for appointments, 50,000 letters were sent to O‘ahu residents who qualify to renew their driver licenses or state identification cards either online or by mail. In addition, the federal government announced in April that the start date for REAL ID enforcement has been extended by 12 months to Oct. 1, 2021.

Public Access: Since the State Capitol building will be closed to the public, the Senate will be conducting all committee hearings and floor session virtually. Members of the public will have the opportunity to provide testimony in writing and via videoconference, allowing broader participation by those who previously were not able to get to the State Capitol.

Mr. Scott Glenn, Chief Energy Officer

Booth District Park

1:00 p.m. - Department of Health, Dr. Bruce Anderson, Director

The letter to the Chief Justice states the concern “that the quarantine orders are being flouted once travelers leave the airport” and that when violators “appear before a judge, often the violators are released on their own recognizance without any measures to ensure no further violations happen.”

Kalihi Valley District Park

Pearl City District Park

“Disturbingly, we have also received reports that the City and County of Honolulu have avoided addressing these public concerns of non-compliance with regularity,” the letter says, and requests that the administration make enforcement of the quarantine “a priority by investigating and arresting people who violate them in our community, including returning residents and vacation rentals…”

Kaiser Honolulu Medical Office

McCully District Park

AlohaSafe Alert: Add your phone to fight against COVID-19

The COVID-19 vaccine is now available at vaccination clinics at Pier 2 Cruise Terminal for adults 75 years of age and older. Vaccinations are by appointment only.

The Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order allows residents of the City and County of Honolulu to shop at retail businesses and shopping malls that comply with specific operations guidelines that includes allowing all persons in these establishments to maintain physical/social distancing and health and safety standards.

Kahuku Community Park

The committee will be meeting with the following:

The Pfizer vaccine was the first vaccine to go into the arms of Hawaii’s healthcare workers, and ideally the second would go 21 days after.

These are just a few of the requirements and conditions for reopening and resuming operations. The full list for each business, service, or activity is included in the Amendment to Ho‘oulu i Honolulu 3.0.

Click here to read more from Civil Beat.

For information on the testing with Transformation Health Network, call 854-3566.

Who is eligible to get the vaccine and how do I sign-up?

These businesses/operations are required to follow the social distancing requirements in the 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation. They also are encouraged to follow the applicable guidelines recommended by the Centers for Disease Control. Generally, this means they must implement physical distancing requirements such as capacity limits and ensuring 6 feet or more between individuals using floor markings and signage; limit in-person work when possible; reduce the number of high-touch surfaces and objects as much as possible; reconfigure workplace to enable physical distancing if possible; communicate health and safety protocols to all employees, customers and visitors.

Pu‘unui Community Park

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency, Dr. Steven Hankins, Lead Coordinator

There will be no discrimination in the course of the meal service, as they will be served regardless of race, color, creed, national origin, sex, or disability.

How to Register for the Vaccine

Makiki District Park

Hālawa District Park

The Hawai‘i State Senate’s 2020 session was originally scheduled to take place from January 15 to May 7, but the Senate was forced to recess in mid-March due to the COVID-19 emergency. The Senate held a two week reconvene on May 11 to pass time-sensitive budget bills and nominations from the governor.

Waimānalo Beach Park

These new practices and protocols have been adopted in accordance with CDC guidelines, the City and County of Honolulu’s tiered reopening system and are subject to change.

Location: Pier 2 Cruise Terminal 521 Ala Moana Blvd, Honolulu

Hawaii Pacific University - Mr. John Y. Gotanda, President

These businesses and operations will be allowed to reopen under guidelines and conditions to ensure safety for both employees of these establishments and customers/clients. For example, Bars may reopen with operators ensuring limiting occupancy to no more than fifty percent of the maximum occupant load of the bar, limiting groups within the bar to a maximum of ten individuals per group, and ensuring groups within the bar maintain at least six feet of separation from other groups.

Dr. Sarah Park, State Epidemiologist

For more information, visit honolulu.gov/csd.

The result is this newly released Home Care for Persons with COVID-19 booklet. Presenting expert advice from trusted sources, the booklet saves Hawaii’s families valuable time trying to search out information and wondering who they can trust. Families can quickly find answers to specific and urgent issues, such as how to take a temperature or use a pulse oximeter and when to call 9-1-1. The easy-to-read booklet also includes a statewide directory of community resources, including isolation and quarantine assistance, crisis and mental health services and foodbanks.

Kāne‘ohe Community Park

Longs Drugs pharmacies begin offering COVID-19 vaccinations daily

For more information, visit www.honolulu.gov/csd

The Honolulu Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) is excited to announce a modified version of Summer Fun will be held this year. The program will be offered at no charge to O‘ahu families with Mayor Caldwell waiving the fees for the summer day camp.

Kalaniana‘ole Beach Park

Here is a breakdown of what is now permitted in Tier 3:

District 4 (Waialua to Waimānalo) - ph. (808) 768-8980

The Hawai‘i Department of Human Services (DHS) is assisting eligible families to better-afford preschool for the 2021-2022 school year.

THOUSANDS IN HAWAIʻI EXPECTED TO BENEFIT FROM EMERGENCY FOOD STAMPS, PANDEMIC SCHOOL MEAL PROGRAM

Beretania Community Park

If you are a senior age 75 or older, you are now eligible to register for the COVID-19 vaccine. Medical personnel and frontline workers in Phase 1b are also being vaccinated and will be contacted by their employer to schedule their COVID-19 vaccination. Visit the registration directory at HERE.

Natural Energy Laboratory of Hawaii Authority

This week the Hawai‘i Department of Health (DOH) launched a new service to help O‘ahu's older adults book their COVID-19 vaccination appointments.

Gov. Ige announced all travelers arriving in Hawai‘i from out-of-state will be required to get a valid COVID-19 test prior to their arrival, and to show proof of a negative test result, to avoid the 14-day quarantine. The pre-travel testing program begins Aug. 1.

1:30 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

Participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information including insurance if available and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head here.

Enchanted Lake Community Park

Salt Lake District Park

“We are closely monitoring current and projected vaccination numbers, appointment availability and most importantly the amount of vaccine allocated to the people of Hawai‘i,” said State Health Director Dr. Libby Char. “Our analysis of these indicators tells us it is time to expand vaccine eligibility to more people.”

If you are having difficulty filing your unemployment insurance 24/7, you may be clicking on the wrong link. Follow these steps to complete your filing and avoid error messages:

A new executive order issued by President Joe Biden will provide more Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program or SNAP benefits, commonly known as food stamps, to the most needy families, according to an update provided by US Senator Brian Schatz (D-Hawai‘i).

In regards to outdoor organized team sports, the Mayor’s Order includes two phases to ensure the safety of coaches, athletes, trainers, and everyone else involved. Phase 1 applies to outdoor team sports such as baseball, soccer, outdoor volleyball, and similar outdoor team sports. Under the amended Exhibit A of the City’s Order, starting Friday, June 19, activities would be allowed to resume under specific conditions. Those requirements include but are not limited to, limiting the activity to skill-building drills and team-based practice only, in which physical distancing of six feet or more between individuals may generally be maintained and groups are limited to a single Sports Program team, or a maximum of 30 players, whichever is less.

With more vaccine shipments en route, the Hawai‘i Department of Health is expanding the pool of people eligible to receive a COVID-19 shot. Beginning this coming Monday, March 8, all Hawai‘i residents age 70 and up are eligible to receive the vaccine. Learn where you can make your vaccination appointment HERE.

Learn more about the Kūpuna Call Center

On Tuesday, May 12, Transformation Health Network will conduct testing in the parking lot at Kalihi Union Church, 2214 North King Street from 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Entry will be from the driveway on Umi Street. Walk-up individuals are welcome also.

Qualified expenses will be paid directly to the vendor on behalf of the applicant.

The COVID-19 vaccine is now available at the Neal Blaisdell Concert Hall located at 777 Ward Avenue, Honolulu. Vaccinations are by appointment only, no walk-ins will be allowed at this time. For more information, please visit https://covid.queens.org/vaccination/

Essential workers across the state are next in line to receive the vaccine. To help ensure the proper number of dosages are available for essential workers, the Department of Health has issued anonline survey for businesses and other organizations to complete if they employ essential workers. The state’s vaccination plan defines “essential workers” as:

Travelers may be prohibited from boarding a flight if they have an elevated temperature above 100.4 degrees, they refuse to complete the mandatory form, or they are on the 14-day quarantine list prohibiting them from flying.

Hawaii Tourism Authority

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 16, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 17, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

The full list of commencement guidelines can be viewed here.

POD aims to assist low-income and moderate-income families with a subsidy that provides their children the opportunity to attend preschool. Preschool and other early learning opportunities help children gain essential skills, be prepared for school, and chart a course for lifelong success. Interested families may access the application from the department’s POD contractor, PATCH, by visiting patchhawaii.org or calling (808) 791-2130. They may also call toll-free at 1-800-746-5620.

Another $56 million will be used to bring back small businesses, support training and job programs connecting unemployed with local businesses in need of employees, and provide manufacturing grants to local companies that can create local supply chains for necessary cleaning supplies and personal protection equipment (PPE).

Grave site visits are also being added as an Essential Activity. All of the added reopening of certain businesses are with limitations. The restated Stay at Home Order incorporates prior orders, including but not limited to, ordering all individuals living within the City to stay at their place of residence except for Essential Activities, Governmental Functions, or to operate Essential Businesses, mandating employees and visitors of Essential Businesses to wear a non-medical grade face covering mandate, and the ban of all public and private gatherings of any number of people occurring outside a single household or living unit.

Dr. Edward Desmond, Administrator

Who is eligible to get the vaccine right now?

AlohaSafe Alert is a free and voluntary new service that helps slow the spread of COVID-19. It is the State of Hawaii’s official exposure notification app and has been developed in partnership with the Hawai‘i Department of Health. Add your phone to the fight to stop COVID-19 and protect your family, friends, co-workers, neighbors and community.

Are you caring for someone with COVID-19? Would you like to be prepared in the event a friend, family member or loved one should test positive? Most COVID-19 patients recover at home, so this new online booklet is here to support you! A few months into the pandemic, Hawaii’s Public Health Nurses and community outreach partners started to notice a growing challenge in the neighborhoods they serve. When someone tests positive for COVID-19, family members suddenly become caregivers. With little knowledge or guidance, many don’t know where to begin when it comes to caring for a loved one while keeping the rest of the family safe and healthy.

The Health Department is still in the process of developing this program but anticipates requiring an FDA-approved PCR test from a CLIA certified laboratory. Travelers will be required to provide printed or emailed pre-test certification as evidence of a negative test result. Travelers will be responsible for the cost of the pre-travel test.

Since in-office visits were suspended nine weeks ago, more than 44,000 driver license and state ID appointments had to be canceled.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be streamed live online at olelo/org/49.

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, June 27, by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing will be from 8 a.m. – 2 p.m.

View 5 Things You Can Do to Avoid Vaccine Scams

On weekends and holidays, that time is from 9 a.m. to 11 p.m.

This COVID-19 vaccination toolkit for essential workers is an informational resource to help Hawai‘i companies educate their employees. The facts in these flyers and handouts can be used to initiate and continue conversations about the importance of getting the COVID-19 vaccine.

Phase 1a:

Due to the recent uptick in COVID-19 cases, drive-thru testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be available this weekend.

Phase 1b:

Department of Environmental Services: Regular curbside refuse, green waste, and recycling service is still being conducted. Convenience centers and transfer stations remain open. Please note, all in-person services are suspended. Visit opala.org for more information.

Changes to the amended Stay at Home Order add the limited reopening of certain designated businesses and operations such as:

View Fast Facts About the COVID-19 Vaccine

Mr. David Sikkink, Administrator

‘Ewa Beach Community Park

The legislative branch will reopen beginning June 1, 2020. Each Senate office and support staff office will be expected to resume normal business hours on that date. For more details, please read the memo dated May 22, 2020, from the Senate President: Reopening of Legislative Branch - June 1, 2020

Look for registration opportunities available through links posted on HawaiiCOVID19.com/vaccination-registration and from healthcare providers around the state.

View Directory of Vaccination Providers

Please be ready to show your registration within the hour.

Starting Monday, April 19 all Hawai‘i residents age 16+ will be eligible for COVID-19 vaccination. This means 300,000 people will be newly eligible, bringing the total to more than 650,000 people in our state who are eligible and still unvaccinated.

University of Hawaii – School of Nursing and Dental Hygiene - Dr. Mary G. Boland, Dean

Are you eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Hawaii? Search by zip code to find a location near you and see which vaccines are being offered at each location! Find COVID-19 vaccines at local pharmacies near you at https://vaccinefinder.org/search/.

SafePaths - Mr. Michael Kamida, Technical Lead and Liaison

SUPERINTENDENT SAYS SCHOOLS COULD REALISTICALLY REOPEN FULLY IN FALL 2021; SOME HIGH SCHOOLS CAN HOLD LIMITED IN-PERSON COMMENCEMENT CEREMONIES

The City and County of Honolulu will soon be launching the COVID-19 Hardship Relief Program to help those most economically impacted by shutdowns to prevent the spread of the coronavirus. Scheduled to launch on May 18, the relief fund can be used to assist with basic needs including as rent, eligible utilities, childcare, and other essential expenses.

The Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order can be found here.

Aloha Trace - Mr. Brandon Kurisu, Coalition Representative

Lanakila District Park

In addition, travelers will be required to fill out the State Travel and Health form.

‘Āhuimanu Community Park

‪Starting 5 a.m. Saturday, City parks will be reopened to exercise only. Exercise includes running, walking, jogging and biking. However, no camping, using tennis courts, basketball courts, play equipment, off-leash dog parks, baseball, volleyball, etc.

Mr. Len Higashi, Acting Executive Director

Vehicle registrations can be renewed online, at self-service kiosks inside select Safeway and Foodland stores, as well as by mail. More information on these options is available at the Department of Customer Services website.

Kilauea District Park

Mayor Kirk Caldwell announced that certain Oauhu businesses will be allowed to open with limitations. This Order is effective from 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, April 30 through 4:30 p.m. on May 18.

Appointments can be made on AlohaQ.org.

For non-pandemic counseling and services, including crisis support, mental health resources and substance use treatment services, you may always call the Hawai‘i CARES hotline 24/7 at 1 (800) 753-6879 or text “ALOHA” to 741741.

Department of Parks and Recreation: City parks, courts, fields and parking lots are open. City skate parks and off-leash dog parks will reopen on Friday, May 29. The Koko Head Shooting Complex, city archery ranges, People’s Open Markets, and pools (lap swim only) are scheduled to reopen on Friday, June 5. The five Honolulu Botanical Gardens are open for passive use. This means no camping, garden tours, or recreational programs will be offered at that time. Other park facilities remain closed to the public, such as: playgrounds, campgrounds, gyms, and recreation buildings. Please be advised that lifeguards are not stationed in their regular towers but are instead on roving patrols. Stand-alone comfort stations are open but they will be closed during cleaning, maintenance, and regular park closure hours. For more information, please visit honolulu.gov/parks.

Ms. Kathy Sokugawa, Acting Director

At least 25,000 in Hawaii have been vaccinated for COVID-19 and the state is now preparing to administer the second dose to thousands of healthcare workers.

Mr. Scott Murakami, Director

*ALL VACCINES ADMINISTERED ARE BY APPOINTMENT ONLY*

“The 21 days is the standard recommendation,” she said. “The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices said it’s acceptable to get it as early as 17 days after the first dose of Pfizer vaccine. And there is no confirmed time period after 21 days that would require starting again.

Currently, the CVS website lists people over the age of 75 as eligible to receive a vaccine. If you qualify under this requirement, you may schedule an appointment on the CVS website after completing a short questionnaire. Pharmacies will have either the Pfizer or Moderna vaccine based on availability. For more information, contact (800) 746-7287 or visit https://www.cvs.com/immunizations/covid-19-vaccine

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 53 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. The meeting will also be streamed live online at olelo.org/53.

Online Registration begins Thursday, June 18 at 6 p.m.

State expands eligibility to more Phase 1c essential workers on Monday

11:00 a.m. Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

The Preschool Open Doors (POD) program application period began earlier in January and is open through March 31, 2021. Funds are limited, so DHS encourages families to apply as soon as possible.

‘Āina Haina Community Park

PLEASE NOTE: Sites and availability change rapidly, please refer to https://www.oneoahu.org/vaccine for more information.

The Legislature’s proposed plan builds upon UHERO’s estimates that $618 million in spending will generate more than $1 billion in Gross Domestic Product over the coming year and help Hawaiʻi’s households and businesses by supporting up to 6,500 jobs. The plan provides discretion to the Ige Administration to spend the remaining CARES funds to pay for unanticipated and emerging needs. This discretionary amount could be used to bolster Hawaiʻi’s unemployment insurance funds or support COVID-19 related programs.

This software was successfully used for shooters to make reservations at the Koko Head Shooting Complex beginning on Wednesday, June 3, and will serve a larger capacity in DPR registration and reservations in the future.

View Vaccine Registration Directory

To qualify for the program, children must be eligible to enter kindergarten in the 2022-2023 school year (born between Aug. 1, 2016, and July 31, 2017). If awarded a subsidy, families may use any one of the 409 state-licensed preschools. DHS also gives priority to underserved or at-risk children. Preschool Open Doors provides subsidies to eligible families to help pay preschool tuition.

Asing Community Park

Gov. Ige announced that the state will be lifting the 14-day quarantine requirement for inter-island travelers, effective June 16.

The governor is expected to extend the 14-day quarantine for travelers through June 30. This comes as the governor announced that he intends to continue Hawaii’s safer-at-home order through June 30. The Hawaii Tourism Authority, Department of Transportation, and other state agencies are working with the airlines to toughen the entry restrictions, to include revising the visitor arrival form, requiring the flight crew to complete the form, seeking to confirm return flights, increasing the screening staff at airports, stiffening hotel quarantines, enforcing rules on car rentals, and confirming hotel or home stays, among others. The COVID-19 committee met with the Police Chief, representatives from the Courts, and the Prosecutor's Office to coordinate enforcement of the 14-day quarantine. There were general agreements for a maximum bail of $2,000 for quarantine violators. Arraignment would be done virtually within 48-72 hours. Police statistics for Emergency Proclamation violations from March 20 to May 14 included 9,313 warnings, 5,244 citations, and 292 arrests.

Makakilo Community Park

More information will be made available on the Capitol website: www.capitol.hawaii.gov.

Learn More About Kū Makani FREE Mental Health Resources

The number of COVID-19 cases in Hawai‘i has been declining and our current positivity rate is now under 1%. This is an encouraging sign that Hawai‘i is making headway in our battle against the coronavirus. Many sacrifices have been made to get us to where are today, and we can celebrate fewer hospitalizations and healthier communities.

On May 14, the Senate was briefed on the State Administration’s proposal for $1.25 billion appropriated under the federal Coronavirus Aid Relief & Economic Security (CARES) Act. Senate Bill 75 SD2 HD1 passed out of the House Finance Committee and will now head to the full House for a vote next week. Concerns remain regarding how agencies will spend these funds, such as economic support to those most affected during this pandemic.

The six driver licensing centers on O‘ahu reopened May 26 for in-office visits also on an appointment-only basis.

This partnership is an effort to continue the momentum in vaccinating residents and caregivers of small residential care homes throughout the state.

Attendance Limits:

Safety Protocols:

District 1 (Hawaiʻi Kai to McCully) - ph. (808) 768-8944

This voluntary application is free and can be downloaded now from both the Apple and Google Play stores. Once downloaded, the app uses Bluetooth technology to anonymously communicate with other phones that have the application. The devices will “ping” one another, measuring the strength of the Bluetooth signal, distance of each device, and the duration of the contact. The more people who use the app, the safer and healthier we will make our community. If an individual is diagnosed with COVID-19, they will receive a text message from the Department of Health with a verification code to input into the app. This code will anonymously notify other devices about their possible COVID-19 exposure. The notification will not disclose any personally identifying information such as where, how, or when they were exposed. To trigger a notification alert, devices must have been within 6 feet of each other for at least 15 minutes in the past 14 days. If someone receives a notification from AlohaSafe Alert that they may have been exposed to COVID-19, they are recommended to self-quarantine, and get tested. According to the AlohaSafe website:

The order also includes a 15 percent increase in benefits for families of the more than 93,500 Hawai‘i students who qualify for free or reduced-priced school meals and are currently receiving Pandemic Electronic Benefit Transfer (P-EBT) benefits due to COVID-19 related school closures, as well as a directive for food assistance benefits to be updated to reflect the true cost of a healthy diet.

Koko Head District Park

Select Longs Drugs locations are now offering the COVID-19 vaccine to those eligible and by appointment only. Longs Drugs Pharmacy Aiea will be participating in this program, but active stores may change based on vaccine availability. The list of specific stores will be available on CVS.com as stores receive shipments and appointments become available. As of today, February 25, 2021, the Aiea Longs location located at 98-1005 Moanalua Rd #400 Aiea, HI 96701 has appointments available for vaccinations.

Appointments can be made at AlohaQ.org. The system will allow appointments only for those licenses expiring in June. (This includes licenses and state IDs with March expiration dates that were previously granted a 90-day extension under a state emergency order.) Later in the month, open appointment slots will be offered driver licenses and state IDs with July expiration dates. (This would include those with April expiration dates that were similarly extended by emergency order to July.)

2:15 p.m. - Department of Human Resources Development, Mr. Ryker Wada, Director

For more information on the testing run by Kalihi Kai Urgent Care, call (808) 841-2273.

This plan provides stakeholders from the whole community with the operational information needed to prepare their organizations to support the HDOH COVID-19 Vaccination Program. The HDOH COVID-19 Vaccination Core Planning Team recommends that stakeholders develop/update standard operating procedures (SOPs), as well as supporting plans and procedures, and continue outreach efforts throughout Hawaii to prepare the public for the COVID-19 Vaccination Program as vaccines become more widely available.

Mā‘ili Community Park*

Ms. Kathy Kaohu, County Clerk

Office of Elections

Department of Planning and Permitting

No public testimony will be accepted.If you require special assistance, please call 586-6800 or email your request to waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov.

Kailua District Park

Despite a national push to get students back in classrooms full-time, following new safety guidance from the CDC, schools Superintendent Christina Kishimoto said Hawaii public schools are unlikely to return to full in-person learning before next school year.

Waimānalo District Park

Dr. Eugene Tian, Chief State Economist

Paki Community Park

Ms. Rona Suzuki, Director

Mandatory 14-day quarantine for travelers, eviction moratorium also continue

Public Transportation - TheBus and TheHandi-Van: These services are operating with increased sanitary precautions for passenger and driver safety and health. Visit thebus.org or call 848-5555 for up-to-date schedules and information. The TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is open for in-person assessments for those extending or applying for eligibility. Distancing practices must be followed. TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is located at the First Insurance Center, 1100 Ward Avenue, Suite 835. For questions or to schedule an assessment, call (808) 538-0033, Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Who is next in line for vaccinations?

To allow access to the proceedings, the Senate will be providing live streams of all Senate hearings and floor sessions in real time, on YouTube and/or ‘Ōlelo and neighbor island cable networks, with live closed captioning. A list of upcoming and archived Senate hearings is available here: http://olelo.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=13

The Hawaii State Senate recently new operational changes ahead of the 2021 legislative session.

Location: Neal Blaisdell Concert Hall (Registration is across from the parking lot) 777 Ward Avenue, Honolulu

Why Get Vaccinated?

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 23, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 24, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

You are considered “fully vaccinated” two weeks after receiving the complete dose of your vaccine. If you receive the 2-dose Pfizer or Moderna vaccines, then you are “fully vaccinated” two weeks after your second dose. If you receive a single-dose vaccine like Johnson & Johnson’s Janssen vaccine, you will be fully vaccinated two weeks after your shot. If it has been less than two weeks or if you are still waiting for your second dose, you are NOT fully protected. Even after you are fully vaccinated, you should continue to protect yourself and others by following safe practices whenever you are near unvaccinated people outside of your own household. This means continuing to: wear a mask, stay at least 6 feet apart and avoid crowds and poorly ventilated spaces.

Registration opportunities for those 60 and older will soon be available through links posted on HawaiiCOVID19.com/vaccination-registration and from healthcare providers around the state.

On Friday, April 24, Kalihi Kai Urgent Care will be conducting testing at ʻEwa Mahiko District Park in ʻEwa Beach. Testing at 91-1205 Renton Road will run from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.

Ms. Georja Skinner, Chief Officer

The amended bill states (HB117), “Due to the unprecedented economic downturn resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the legislature believes that continued implementation of the commission's recommendations for the executive and judicial branches, and planned adjustments for the legislature, is irresponsible at this time and should be deferred.”

If you have questions about the vaccine, visit https://www.hawaiipacifichealth.org/hph-covid-19-updates/vaccine-update for updates.

Children must be six years old before Aug. 1, 2020 and not older than thirteen years old by July 28, 2020 to qualify. The modified Summer Fun will still utilize Junior Leaders.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on Olelo channel 49 on Oahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels.

12:00 p.m. Department of Health, State Laboratories

Building Permit Applications: Available by appointment only. Self-service permits are available online at honolulu.gov/dpp.

Please note that these operations may have altered hours. Please visit their websites before going to the location for services.

Hawaii State Energy Office

Also extended through the end of May -- the 14-day quarantine for both visitors and residents entering the state and for inter-island travelers.

Waikele Community Park

Vaccinations expand to Hawai‘i residents 60+ on Monday

Click here to read more from KITV4 news.

As part of its 2021 Legislative Program, the Hawaii State Senate will be focusing on ten of the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. The Senate has bipartisan dedication to the protection and sustainability of the islands’ people, communities, natural resources, and economic prosperity through advancing these U.N. goals.

Only Ala Moana Satellite City Hall will temporarily remain closed to in-office visits as it prepares to relocate within the shopping center.

Board of Water Supply: Water service remains operational and the water is safe to drink. Testing is conducted daily. BWS account services are available online at boardofwatersupply.com, by mail, or by phone. In-person services are suspended.

O‘ahu motorists are reminded that a safety check inspection is not required to renew motor vehicle registrations that are expiring in April or May.

Mr. Chris Tatum, CEO

Beware of COVID-19 vaccine scams! All COVID-19 vaccinations are free.

2. After receiving a notice that their item(s) are ready for pick up, patrons can schedule a Library Take Out time at picktime.com/hspls.

To reach a trained Kū Makani counselor, just call the Hawai‘i CARES hotline during these hours:

Adventist Health Castle will begin its second round of vaccinations next Monday, and for that week the concentration will also be pushing out another vaccine to those who received their first.

Kanewai Community Park

Over the past month, new COVID-19 variants have emerged from around the globe: first in the United Kingdom, then South Africa and Brazil. The CDC has warned that the U.K. variant could be the predominant variant in the U.S. sometime this month. As of now, three variants (P.2, B.1.429, and B.1.1.7) are already here in the islands, underscoring the importance of preventative measures. COVID-19 vaccination is an important tool in getting our communities back to normal. The CDC is continuing to investigate the effectiveness of COVID-19 vaccines against the new variants. Scientists also are working to learn about new variants of the virus. More studies are needed to understand how new variants may affect the effectiveness of existing COVID-19 vaccines. So far, studies suggest that antibodies generated through vaccination with currently authorized vaccines recognize these variants. This is being closely investigated and more studies are underway. Some of the new variants of the COVID-19 virus may spread more easily and quickly, which can lead to more cases of COVID-19. So, don’t wait. Plan to get whichever vaccine is available to you. Even after you are vaccinated, continue to follow all of the protective strategies to limit the spread of COVID-19. This includes wearing a mask, physical distancing, washing hands and staying home when you are sick which will also help prevent the spread of new variants. This is the time to stay vigilant! To learn more about the COVID-19 vaccine, visit HawaiiCOVID19.com/vaccine.

1:00 p.m.

TO FILE A CLAIM OR CHECK YOUR STATUS

The proclamation also includes:

Creative Industries Division

The Hawai‘i Department of Transportation has closed safety inspection stations to comply with social distancing recommendations stemming from COVID-19 and extended safety inspection certificates as well as stickers through May 31, 2020.

According to the Hawaii State Department of Health, the vaccine is currently only available to those who qualify under Phase groups 1-A and 1-B:

View Vaccine FAQs

The number of new COVID-19 cases is expected to rise once travel is re-opened. However, the State Department of Health has begun the process of training 500 new contact tracers, exceeding the recommended standards set by the Centers for Disease Control, and is exploring other screening and testing procedures.

Mr. Greg Barbour, Executive Director

Registration:

The reminder comes as 133,928 motor vehicle registrations on O‘ahu are scheduled to be renewed between April and May.

Clinic Hours of Operation: By appointment only.

Kapaolono Community Park

The public is encouraged to participate by submitting written testimony. No in-person testimony will be allowed at this time due to COVID-19. To submit testimony, please visit: https://www.capitol.hawaii.gov/submittestimony.aspx

The proposal also allows the following to resume operations with modifications:

Gov. David Ige approved Mayor Kirk Caldwell’s proposal to safely re-open more businesses and operations on O‘ahu, under guidelines that will ensure the safety of employees and customers.

View Hawaii's Vaccine Timeline and Who's Next in Line

2:00 p.m. Department of Health - Dr. Bruce Anderson, Director

A public-private partnership — that includes the City and County of Honolulu, Aloha United Way, the Council for Native Hawaiian Advancement, Helping Hands Hawaii, and other service providers — will work directly with individuals and families dealing with economic hardship to administer these resources and ensure Oahu residents have the support they need.

Foreign Trade Zone Division

District 4

Waiau District Park

The governor noted that the next step in re-opening air travel will be restoring out-of-state travel to the islands in a safe manner. He has been working on plans to do this said he would announce them soon.

Our COVID-19 numbers are the lowest they have been in months and the City & County of Honolulu has officially moved into Tier 3 as of today, February 25th. For more information on the reopening strategy and the various tiers, please visit: https://www.oneoahu.org/reopening-strategy

Under Phase 1 of the state’s re-opening, the following businesses and operations can re-open starting May 7, 2020 at 12:01 a.m. However, everyone is advised to check the restrictions in place in each county, as they may differ.

Starting next week, those whose last name starts with the letters A through G should file on Mondays.

If you have questions about the vaccine, please call Queen’s COVID-19 Vaccination Line: 808-691-2222 or visit https://covid.queens.org/vaccination for updates.

Department of Health expands mental health assistance in response to the ongoing pandemic

DOH TO PARTNER WITH PHARMACIES STATEWIDE TO PROVIDE COVID-19 VACCINE

“I would expect that we stay pretty close to what our expectations are. If you’ve received a first dose, you’re pretty guaranteed that we will have a second dose,” said Erik Anderson, chief nursing officer at Adventist Health Castle. “So we might not have first doses available next week. That would probably be more up there than not having a second dose.”

Kaimuki Community Park

Summer Fun Sites 2020:

Many families become overwhelmed with questions and concerns about caregiving while often struggling to navigate insurance, time away from work and finances while in quarantine or isolation. For those who live in multigenerational homes, everyone is impacted.

Veterans Affairs

The proposal also includes the re-opening of outdoor attractions with limitations, starting Thursday, May 28. This includes:

Pililā‘au Community Park

Although buildings remain closed to the public for now, the Library Take Out is a convenient and safe way to access library books and materials.

No pubic testimony will be accepted.

In addition to standard school health and safety protocols, commencement events will need to follow other rules.

.

1:15 p.m. Department of Health

Wilson Community Park

According to Dr. Melinda Ashton, the chief quality officer with Hawaii Pacific Health, the hospital is trying to administer second doses as efficiently as possible.

The times to file are Monday through Friday from 6:30 a.m. to 11 p.m.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be livestreamed via http://olelo.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=13.

Phase 1-A: Began in mid-December and is expected to be completed this month, focuses on health care workers and long-term care facility residents.

12:15 p.m. - Hawaii Agriculture Foundation, Ms. Denise Yamaguchi, Executive Director

The Hawaii State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 will hold a hearing today at noon live on ‘Olelo 49.

“This is another major step forward in the implementation of our state’s vaccination plan,” said Dr. Libby Char, director, Hawai‘i Department of Health. “With residents and staff of larger long-term care facilities such as assisted living communities now in progress, we’re now turning our attention to residential care homes and community care foster family homes.”

Got Questions About The COVID-19 Vaccines

 <tag> li




Goal #4 - Quality education: To ensure inclusive and equitable quality education, and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all by increasing access to broadband technology for all students, modernizing schools, carefully implementing plans for in-person and distance learning, and evaluating the teaching workloads and classifications of the University of Hawaii.

Staff and keiki will be provided hand sanitizer.

2nd dose appointments will be scheduled for you at your 1st dose appointment.

Water parks

Indoor attractions (theaters, museums, arcades, bowling alleys, etc.),

All Senate standing committee hearings will be live streamed on YouTube. This is a significant improvement in public access over previous years when only selected hearings were broadcast on cable television and streamed over the internet. In addition to the live streams, the Senate will continue to work with public access television providers on all islands to broadcast Senate committee hearings and floor sessions. All live streams will be available online and on demand at youtube.com/hawaiisenate.

Teachers, childcare and educational support staff (childcare, early education, K-12, post-secondary)

Public and private golf courses within the City operating in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the Professional Golfers’ Association’s “Procedures for Reintroduction to the Game and Business of Golf” as may be updated/amended.

Services provided on a one-one-one bases. Businesses that provide services such as private tutoring, certain music instrument lessons, etc., on a one-on-one basis, that comply with social distancing requirements;

Game rooms

Criminal liability for hosts of guests who violate quarantine requirements or owners of cars that are rented to quarantine violators.

80% of all smartphone users (i.e. 56% of the overall population) would be enough to suppress the pandemic on its own without any other form of intervention.

Entertainment areas

Persons ages 16-64 years with high-risk medical conditions: Individuals of all authorized vaccine eligible ages with underlying conditions that increase the risk for severe COVID-19 (30% of population)

U.S. Postal Service employees

Designated spaces will be made for each group, with activities conducted on a rotating basis.

Department of Parks and Recreation: City parks, courts, fields and parking lots are open. City skate parks and off-leash dog parks will reopen on Friday, May 29. The Koko Head Shooting Complex, city archery ranges, People’s Open Markets, and pools (lap swim only) are scheduled to reopen on Friday, June 5. The five Honolulu Botanical Gardens are open for passive use. This means no camping, garden tours, or recreational programs will be offered at that time. Other park facilities remain closed to the public, such as: playgrounds, campgrounds, gyms, and recreation buildings. Please be advised that lifeguards are not stationed in their regular towers but are instead on roving patrols. Stand-alone comfort stations are open but they will be closed during cleaning, maintenance, and regular park closure hours. For more information, please visit honolulu.gov/parks.

Healthcare Workers and First Responders

Essential workers not recommended for vaccination in Phase 1b: Essential workers that were not included in Phase 1b (7% of population)

Agriculture (non-food), such as landscape, ornamental plant growers, and nurseries

Social Distancing Requirements (as defined in the Order) are adhered to at all times.

Click on the button “For New Claims, Please Complete This Form.” DO NOT click on “Claimant Services” which connects to the old server system. This is where people are experiencing issues logging in and attempting to file a claim.

PARTICIPANTS MUST BE IN A VEHICLE TO RECEIVE ASSISTANCE. Walk-ups or bicyclists will not be permitted.

Frontline essential workers: Includes first responders, and frontline essential workers, defined as workers whose duties must be performed on-site and require being in close proximity (<6 feet) to the public or coworkers, and are essential to the functioning of society (11% of population)

Participants assume the risk that food supplies may run out before they can be served.

Combined with other measures, if 15% of our community uses AlohaSafe Alert, we can reduce infections by 8% and deaths by 6%.

One adult, 18 years of age or older, may accompany kupuna who have an appointment.

The Senate will be using Zoom as its online meeting platform.

Car Washes

Goal #11 - Sustainable cities and communities: To continue the commitment to develop inclusive, safe, resilient, and sustainable neighborhoods by increasing access to affordable housing; reducing homelessness, increasing local food production to promote food security; investing in Farm-to-State programs; ending the housing shortage; investing in local talent; training local workers in technical jobs; and maintaining local infrastructure such as state parks, airfields, and small boat harbors.

Utilities workers

No one will be permitted to exit their vehicles during the distribution.

Larger schools that may experience difficulties in hosting a safe, in-person ceremony are encouraged to consider alternative options such as a blend of in-person and virtual ceremonies, staggered drive-through ceremonies or drive-in formats.

Committee Chairs will have the option to conduct hearings 100% remotely or offer their members a hybrid set-up with some Senators participating from Senate conference rooms and some joining the hearing remotely.

H.R.6201 – Families First Coronavirus Response Act.

Goal #9 - Industry Innovation and Infrastructure: To build resilient infrastructure., promote inclusive and sustainable industrialization, and foster innovation, by investing in and preventing the exodus of local talent; diversifying the economy; assuring the digital accessibility to all communities; and promoting a creative resurgence in the culture and arts.

Anyone with unexplained respiratory illness since January 2020 who were never tested for COVID-19

A household is defined by an address and everyone who lives at that address. i.e. Multiple families and/or generations living under one roof will be counted as one (1) household.

Emergency service workers

Written testimony and videoconference testimony registration will be accepted through the Legislature’s website. No in-person testimony will be allowed.

Adults aged 65-74 years (10% of population)

June 5: Business/commercial businesses (in addition to restaurants), indoor residential, non-commercial gatherings of 10 or less (regardless of household)

Museums

Mar. 16: Supplementary proclamation suspending certain laws to enable state and county responses to COVID-19

To check on the status of your claim 24/7, click on “Check Your Claim Status.”

Education and care facilities (private education, adult care, special needs care facilities),

First responders, including police officers, firefighters, etc.

Fitness facilities (spaces for yoga, barre classes, hula hālau, etc.),

Other beauty operators

Those essential for federal, state, and local government operations

Visit https://huiclaims.hawaii.gov/#/

Complete the Registration and Scheduling process using the link: https://mychart.hawaiipacifichealth.org/signup

Critical transportation infrastructure workers (harbor and dock workers, public transportation, etc.)

There is currently no co-pay associated with the COVID-19 vaccine.

Parking for the vaccine clinic is available at three locations: Pier 2, Waterfront Plaza and Aloha Tower Market Place.

Shooting and Archery Ranges

All keiki and staff are required to wear a cloth face mask, with consideration to existing exemptions such as a medical condition which prohibits use of a face covering.

The extension of the eviction moratorium through July 31.

Public transportation workers

Emergency services dispatchers

Goal #10 - Reduced inequalities: To promote social, economic, and political growth for all by supporting affordable housing and investing in broadband connectivity in underserved areas.

Certain real estate services. All real property sales and management activities must be accomplished by remote/electronic means whenever possible. Restrictions and permitted real estate services are outlined in Emergency Order No. 2020-09;

Tattoo artists

Retail & Repair Services, such as apparel, florists, watch & surfboard repair (Note: retail does not re-open in City & County of Honolulu until May 15, and retail & most repair will not re-open in Maui county.)

Complete the Registration and Scheduling process using the link: kp.org/register.

Auto Dealerships

Long-term care facility residents: Adults who reside in facilities that provide a range of services, including medical and personal care, to persons who are unable to to live independently (1% of population)

The City’s “COVID-19 Guidance for Business” is followed to the greatest extent possible.

$14 million to the DOH for contact tracing/testing, vaccination and contract tracing staff, investigation and infection control, PPE and supplies;

Apr. 16: Fifth supplementary proclamation implementing enhanced social distancing requirements and an eviction moratorium

All keiki and staff will have their temperature taken at the beginning of each day.

People’s Open Markets

Goal #3 - Good health and well-being: Promoting health and well-being by implementing evidence-based strategies to combat the COVID-19 pandemic, improving access to quality health care, supporting family caregivers, and improving local resiliency in health care by training medical professionals.

Teachers, child care workers and education support staff

Corrections officers and staff

If you are not part of the vaccination group above, please do not schedule a vaccine appointment here.

$36 million for thermal screening at the airports;

Pet Grooming Services

Public Transportation - TheBus and TheHandi-Van: These services are operating with increased sanitary precautions for passenger and driver safety and health. Visit thebus.org or call 848-5555 for up-to-date schedules and information. The TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is open for in-person assessments for those extending or applying for eligibility. Distancing practices must be followed. TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is located at the First Insurance Center, 1100 Ward Avenue, Suite 835. For questions or to schedule an assessment, call (808) 538-0033, Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Keiki participants will be within the same group for the entire program.

DPR is still hiring for those interested in working as Summer Fun Aides. Please click here if you are interested in fun, seasonal work opportunity, or call the District Office of the location where you would like to work (listed below)

Childcare services, licensed or authorized under the law

Graduates will be allowed to bring a maximum of two members from their household. No additional guests will be allowed. Schools also have the authority to reduce this number based on venue restrictions and ceremony formats.

Mobile service providers. Businesses that provide service on a mobile bases in which no human interaction between the service provider and the customer, including, but not limited to, mobile pet grooming and car washing/detailing businesses;

Corrections officers

Movie theatres

The Household Information Form can be downloaded below: A separate form must be filled out for each household represented in the vehicle.

Mar. 23: Third supplementary proclamation mandating social distancing measures throughout the state

June 19: Indoor operations such as:

Performers who sing or play wind instruments must keep a distance of at least 10 feet from other people.

Occupancy is limited at all times to no more than one (1) person per 200 square feet of the gross operation area (which equates to approximately 50 percent of the maximum occupancy load).

Complete the Registration and Scheduling process using the link, the button to schedule will be at the bottom of the page: https://covid.queens.org/vaccination/

Reducing the number of recess days from thirteen to nine.

If you are already a Hawaii Pacific Health patient and have a MyChart account, you will receive a notification through MyChart to schedule an appointment.

Food will be placed directly into the vehicle at each food distribution station.

Goal #13 - Climate action: To take urgent action to combat climate change by promoting sustainable tourism, exploring carbon sequestration, and investing in renewable energy.

Driver’s licensing and Satellite City Halls: All six of the driver licensing centers in the City and County of Honolulu are open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. The online appointment system for appoints for driver licenses and state identification services can be accessed at alohaq.org. The system has been revised to serve the greatest needs first. For assistance with making an appointment, call: (808) 768-4177. Masks or face coverings are required during all in-office visits. For more information, visit honolulu.gov.csd. The Kapahulu Vehicle Reconstruction Inspection Station in the City and County of Honolulu is open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. For assistance, call: (808) 768-4325.

Building Permit Applications: Available by appointment only. Self-service permits are available online at honolulu.gov/dpp.

All persons aged 16 years or older not previously recommended for vaccination: All other persons residing in Hawaii aged 16 years or older not already recommended for vaccination in Phases 1a, 1b, or 1c (27% of population)

Goal #16 - Peace, justice, and strong institutions: To promote peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable development; provide access to justice for all; and build effective, accountable, and inclusive institutions at all levels by examining government agencies that could be restructured and evaluating leadership and inmate training programs in correctional facilities in Hawaii.

You can also schedule an appointment by calling: (808) 691-2222.

COVID-19 Infoline: (808) 691-2619, Mon – Fri, 8 am – 8 pm, Sat – Sun, 8 am – 1 pm

A vehicle may pick up food for a MAXIMUM OF THREE (3) HOUSEHOLDS.

Shortening conference by one-week.

$637 million to be deposited into the state's rainy day fund to be allocated in subsequent sessions.

Performers who sing or play wind instruments need not wear face coverings, but a physical barrier is required between performers and patrons/staff for indoor restaurants/bars.

To preserve the vaccine supply for the designated priority group, we will only be vaccinating residents 75 years of age and older at this time.

Neighborhood Board Commission: Neighborhood boards will resume public meetings beginning June 1. Physical distancing requirements are followed. For meeting information, please contact the NCO at 768-3710, email nco@honolulu.gov, or visit the office’s website at honolulu.gov/nco.

Adults 75 years of age and older (9% of population)

The special parking rate for Waterfront Plaza and Aloha Tower Market Place locations is $2 for 2 hours with documentation of your vaccine clinic visit.

Board of Water Supply: Water service remains operational and the water is safe to drink. Testing is conducted daily. BWS account services are available online at boardofwatersupply.com, by mail, or by phone. In-person services are suspended.

Only 12 keiki will be allowed per adult supervisor, which will constitute one group.

Downloading the Household Information Form and pre-filling it out does not guarantee you will receive food at the distribution – in the event that food supplies run out before your vehicle is served.

The elimination of prohibitions related to beaches, boating, hiking and shoreline fishing, as these activities are being addressed through the counties in coordination with the state Department of Land and Natural Resources.

AN ADULT FROM EACH HOUSEHOLD MUST BE PRESENT WITH A VALID GOVERNMENT-ISSUED ID.

The ceremony must be held outdoors or in a venue with adequate ventilation. Third-party venues are allowed.

Mar. 31: Fourth supplementary proclamation implementing a mandatory 14-day self-quarantine for people traveling between the islands in the State of Hawai‘i

Food-court dining areas (except for delivery or carry out)

Staff or keiki will not be allowed to participate in the program if they are sick, have been in contact with someone diagnosed with COVID-19, or have traveled out-of-state within the past 14 days.

Teachers and childcare and educational support staff (childcare, early education, K‐12, post‐secondary)

Common areas (except to access and depart from a retail or repair service business)

U.S. Postal Service workers.

Goal #7 - Affordable and clean energy: To ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable, and modern energy for all by promoting renewable energy and committing to reduce our reliance on fossil fuels.

Pools

Indoor facilities being used by for Summer Fun will remain closed to the public throughout the program. Outdoor facilities being used for Summer Fun will be off-limits to the public during the specific program times, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m., but will be reopened for general public use outside of that timeframe.

Arcades

Within shopping malls, the following must remain closed:

Maintenance staff will clean bathroom facilities twice daily.

$8 million to DLIR for IT Modernization, UI Program Enhancements, and facility and staff support;

Play areas

Individuals essential for federal, state and local government operations.

COVID-19 Vaccination Line: (808) 691-2222, Mon – Fri, 7:30 am – 5 pm

Nail technicians

Barbers

Campgrounds

If you are unable to download the Household Information Form, there will be printed forms available at the distribution. Please bring a pen.

The distribution organizers reserve the right to refuse service to individuals who do not comply with the rules established for this food distribution.

Critical utilities (energy, water, etc.)

Shopping Malls – limited to retail and repair services (Note: shopping malls are not reopening in Maui county.)

Goal #8 - Decent work and economic growth: To promote robust, inclusive, and sustainable economic growth, opportunity for full and productive employment, and work for all, by improving Hawaii’s economic resilience; aiding small businesses devastated by the coronavirus pandemic; diversifying industry; managing sustainable tourism; investing in access to broadband technology; and pivoting the State economy towards agriculture.

Mar. 21: Second supplementary proclamation implementing mandatory 14-day self-quarantine for visitors and residents entering the State of Hawai‘i

Previous COVID-19 positive individuals and their families and close contacts

Front line tourism industry workers with direct exposure to visitors

H.R.748 – CARES Act.

Observatories & Support Facilities

$40 million for AG enforcement, PPE, payroll, and other department requests;

New and used car and truck dealerships – sales and leasing activities (with restrictions);

Department of Environmental Services: Regular curbside refuse, green waste, and recycling service is still being conducted. Convenience centers and transfer stations remain open. Please note, all in-person services are suspended. Visit opala.org for more information.

Hairdressers

Fitness centers

$1 million for the PUA program (UI for independent contractors & GIG workers);

Goal #17 - Partnership for the goals: To continue to implement the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals by creating effective public, private, and civil society partnerships by building on existing partnerships; enhancing a coherent policy for sustainable development; and improving the resiliency of the economy and healthcare systems in Hawaii.

H.R.266 - Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act.

Testifiers will be given the option to submit remote virtual testimony once written testimony is submitted. Individuals must register no later than 24 hours prior to the committee hearing in order to be added to the remote virtual testimony list.

Pier 2 parking is free but is limited and preferred for persons with restricted mobility.

Use your legal name and information as shown on a state-issued ID.

First responders

Sea life attractions

Bars.

Automated service providers. Service providers that do not require human interaction between the service provider and the customer, including for example, fully automated car washes;

You will be receiving the Moderna COVID-19 vaccine. We will schedule you to come back to this clinic 28 days later for your 2nd dose.

H.R.6074 – Coronavirus Preparedness and Response Supplemental Appropriations Act.

The 10-foot distance requirement does not apply to members of the same performing group.

Health care personnel: Includes paid and unpaid personnel serving in health care settings who have the potential for direct or indirect exposure to patients or infectious materials (5% of population)

Similar outdoor facilities

Outdoor organized team sports (two phases, with phase 1 beginning June 19),

 <tag> span




Ala Pu‘umalu Community Park

Due to the pandemic, the State Capitol building remains closed to the public at this time.

Legislative Timetable:

Hau‘ula Community Park

THURSDAY, MARCH 25, 2021 10:00 AM

Chaminade University -

DO NOT

Mr. Dennis Ling, Administrator

Healthcare Workers and First Responders

The Hawai‘i State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 sent letters to Hawai‘i Supreme Court Chief Justice Mark Recktenwald and Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell expressing concerns about the enforcement of the travel quarantine orders put into effect by Governor David Ige.

WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 2020 9:05 AM

Click on the button “For New Claims, Please Complete This Form.” DO NOT click on “Claimant Services” which connects to the old server system. This is where people are experiencing issues logging in and attempting to file a claim.

Senate President Ronald D. Kouchi, State House Speaker Scott K. Saiki, Senator Donovan M. Dela Cruz, and Representative Sylvia Luke announced the Legislature’s comprehensive plan to use $635 million in federal CARES Act funds to provide ongoing, immediate relief to residents and small businesses who are suffering from the devastating economic shutdown caused by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. The plan aims to support and reinforce the social safety net for our residents, rebuild and move our economy forward, and address the ongoing pandemic.

Finally, Wednesdays are for P through Z.

TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 2020 8:51 AM

Sunset Beach Recreation Center

PARTICIPANTS MUST BE IN A VEHICLE TO RECEIVE ASSISTANCE. Walk-ups or bicyclists will not be permitted.

Hawaiian Electric has suspended service disconnections for nonpayment through June 30 to ensure customers’ electricity needs are met as stay-at-home orders are extended due to the coronavirus pandemic.

waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov

The Senate floor session will convene at 11:30 a.m. on Monday, June 22, with hearings getting underway that morning. The session is scheduled to adjourn on Friday, July 10. The new legislative timetable is available here:

Car Washes

Accommodations are available upon request to persons with disabilities. Please call (808) 768-3003 or send an email to parks@honolulu.gov at least five days prior to the event.

Research & Economic Analysis

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be streamed live online at olelo.org/49.

No one will be permitted to exit their vehicles during the distribution.

I EXPECTED TO BENEFIT FROM EMERGENCY FOOD STAMPS, PANDEMIC SCHOOL MEAL PROGRAM

Anyone with unexplained respiratory illness since January 2020 who were never tested for COVID-19

The City opened online appointments for residents whose Hawai‘i driver licenses or state identification cards expire this year in March, April, May, June and July. This is after the state announced its intent to allow licenses and identification cards that expire between March 16 and June 30 to remain valid through Sept. 30.

A household is defined by an address and everyone who lives at that address. i.e. Multiple families and/or generations living under one roof will be counted as one (1) household.

Oahu beaches opened over the weekend, May 16, for activities based on approved guidelines issued by the City and County of Honolulu. In addition to those activities already allowed (e.g., ocean access and exercise), beaches or sand bars within the City may also be utilized with the following restrictions: a. All groups are limited to members of the same household or living unit. b. No group can exceed ten persons. c. All persons using the beach, who are not part of members of the same household or living unit, shall comply with Social Distancing Requirements, provided that a caregiver may accompany a dependent. d. The beach or sand area may only be used one-half hour before sunrise to one-half hour after sunset, unless the person is engaged in shore fishing or permitted outdoor exercise. e. All other State of Hawaiʻi or City restrictions related to COVID-19 must be followed, including, but not limited to, any applicable quarantine restrictions. If you have any questions on Mayor Caldwell’s Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order 2.0, as amended, visit the website, oneoahu.org to find answers to some frequently asked questions. If you still do not find an answer to your question on the site, O‘ahu residents can call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov. The City and County of Honolulu COVID-19 information call center remains open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on holidays.

June 5: Business/commercial businesses (in addition to restaurants), indoor residential, non-commercial gatherings of 10 or less (regardless of household)

Kahalu‘u Community Park

Visit https://huiclaims.hawaii.gov/#/

Procedures for written and road driving-test applications are being reviewed and will be announced at a later time.

Kāne‘ohe Community & Senior Center

The Hawaii State Public Library System announced its statewide launch of Library Take Out at 47 of our 51 public libraries. Starting Tuesday, May 26th, library patrons may now schedule a Library Take Out appointment time to pick up their hold item(s) at their favorite library.

The modified Summer Fun Program will be offered on weekdays, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. from Wednesday July, 1 through Tuesday, July 28 (excluding the holiday on Friday, July 3).

Shooting and Archery Ranges

All keiki and staff are required to wear a cloth face mask, with consideration to existing exemptions such as a medical condition which prohibits use of a face covering.

Pacific Palisades Community Park

Click here to view more information, including school sites and pick-up times.

THOUSANDS IN HAWAI

All keiki and staff will have their temperature taken at the beginning of each day.

The letter to Mayor Caldwell lists the actions taken by the Hawai‘i Department of Transportation to screen and verify passenger information and require compliance with the state’s quarantine orders, but says that the public is consistently reporting “travelers blatantly violating” the quarantine.

Participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations.

Aloha Trace -

$36 million for thermal screening at the airports;

Temperature checks will continue at airports across the state. Anyone with a temperature higher than 100.4 degrees or who is experiencing other symptoms will be required to undergo a secondary screening at the airport with trained healthcare staff.

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 2021 3:25 PM

District 3

AGENDA

Hō‘ae‘ae Community Park

Retail establishments should meet the following guidelines:

Letter to Chief Justice Recktenwald

Testing for regular PCR (nose swab) will be conducted as it has been done previously. If one desires this testing, the attending doctor will determine who should be tested. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head here. Testing will be offered without charge for those without insurance.

Walk-in-and-wait transactions will not be offered. The public can continue to do express payment services, such as water bill payments and annual vehicle registration renewals, via online, mail-in or by 24/7 kiosk options.

This would free up appointment slots for transactions that can more efficiently be completed in-person, such as applying for a disability-parking permit, junking a vehicle or performing complicated motor vehicle transactions related to a lost title or difficult registrations.

Kāne‘ohe District Park

MONDAY, MAY 18, 2020 10:04 AM

The special committee will convene to assess and advise the Senate regarding the State of Hawaii's COVID-19 plans and procedures for reopening the economy and the plans for economic recovery.

Kalākaua District Park

A vehicle may pick up food for a MAXIMUM OF THREE (3) HOUSEHOLDS.

Ms. Angela Keen

TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 2020 2:21 PM

Performers who sing or play wind instruments need not wear face coverings, but a physical barrier is required between performers and patrons/staff for indoor restaurants/bars.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 2021 8:58 AM

12:30 p.m. Airlines for America

. Testing will be offered without charge for those without insurance.

THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2020 1:26 PM

The committee will be meeting with the following to discuss enforcement of the 14-day quarantine and stay-at-home orders:

Only 12 keiki will be allowed per adult supervisor, which will constitute one group.

MONDAY, MAY 11, 2020 10:34 AM

Certain designated businesses and operations in the City and County of Honolulu will be allowed to re-open on May 15, by following specific guidelines as detailed Emergency Order No. 2020-10. The Amended and Restated Stay at Home/Work from Home Order, now under the new name “Ho‘oulu i Honolulu” or “Restore Honolulu” Order, incorporates all prior Emergency Orders, including the wearing of non-medical grade face coverings, social distancing requirements, and the limited opening of City parks.

Downloading the Household Information Form and pre-filling it out does not guarantee you will receive food at the distribution – in the event that food supplies run out before your vehicle is served.

The Special Committee on COVID-19 will meet tomorrow with the following:

Pālolo Valley District Park

MONDAY, MAY 18, 2020 10:07 AM

GDP History, Outlook, and Potential Sector Growth:

If you miss your day, don’t worry, Thursdays through Sundays are open.

The proposal also includes the re-opening of outdoor attractions

DPR is privileged to participate in the Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) in conjunction with Summer Fun.

Common areas (except to access and depart from a retail or repair service business)

For the other eight satellite city halls on O‘ahu, precautions are in place to ensure the safety of customers and employees, who will be required to wear facial coverings and remain six-feet apart from others during all in-office transactions.

Indoor facilities being used by for Summer Fun will remain closed to the public throughout the program. Outdoor facilities being used for Summer Fun will be off-limits to the public during the specific program times, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m., but will be reopened for general public use outside of that timeframe.

Department of Transportation

r. John Y. Gotanda, President

Ala Wai Community Park

within the City operating in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the Professional Golfers’ Association’s “Procedures for Reintroduction to the Game and Business of Golf” as may be updated/amended.

TUESDAY, AUGUST 18, 2020 1:44 PM

THURSDAY, MAY 7, 2020 9:57 AM

Goal #8 - Decent work and economic growth

Kamehameha Community Park

Dr. Mary G. Boland, Dean

‘Ewa Mahiko District Park

The City and County of Honolulu is pleased to announce it is supporting more drive-thru COVID-19 testing this week.

. Businesses that provide service on a mobile bases in which no human interaction between the service provider and the customer, including, but not limited to, mobile pet grooming and car washing/detailing businesses;

Barbers

Campgrounds

The City and County of Honolulu announced that it has reopened its online appointment system for driver license and state identification card services.

Below are those online registration dates and procedures which are determined by geographic park district. All dates and times are Hawai‘i Standard Time:

If you are unable to download the Household Information Form, there will be printed forms available at the distribution. Please bring a pen.

Customers should NOT worry about their power being shut off due to nonpayment through the end of June, and any threat of immediate disconnection unless payment is made received before June 30 should be treated as a scam. Customers experiencing financial hardship because of the pandemic are urged to contact Hawaiian Electric to discuss payment arrangements and options.

Ms. Alexandra Slous, State Disaster Recovery Coordinator

Addressing the public health needs of the COVID-19 pandemic is another pillar to the comprehensive funding plan. “The Legislature’s plan devotes $100 million to distribute ample sanitation and PPE supplies for essential workers beyond the health care community including child care facilities, elderly care homes, small businesses, schools, and non-profits that work with populations vulnerable to the coronavirus,” said Senate President Ronald Kouchi.

Testing will be made available to those without insurance as well. For more information on this testing, please call Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Front line tourism industry workers with direct exposure to visitors

The Senate's primary budgetary focus will be on deploying the existing federal CARES Act money,” said Senate President Kouchi.

Dr. Bruce Anderson, Director

Hairdressers

Satellite city halls across O‘ahu will start reopening July 1 for regular in-office service on an appointment-only basis.

Those whose last name starts with H through O should file on Tuesdays.

1:30 p.m.

Tomorrow, May 8, Kalihi Kai Urgent Care will conduct testing at ʻEwa Beach Community Park. Testing will be from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.

‘Aiea District Park

Sea life attractions

Antibody testing determines whether a patient was exposed to COVID-19 and now has antibodies against the virus; it is not used to determine whether someone currently has the disease. The test also does not tell you whether or not you may be susceptible to getting COVID-19 again. Patients should discuss results with their healthcare provider to understand what the results mean for them.

Mākaha Community Park

The Hawai‘i State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 will hold a meeting beginning at 1 p.m. today, live on ‘Ōlelo channel 49 on O‘ahu and http://olelo.org/49. The State Capitol remains closed to the public.

The 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation, EXHIBIT G, lists the businesses/operations designated for re-opening, and outlines specific safety guidelines for each. It also includes county-specific requirements. For example, retail businesses on Oʻahu may not open until May 15, 2020, and Maui County will not allow retail, most repair shops and malls to reopen at this time.

The special committee will be meeting with the following:

FRIDAY, JANUARY 22, 2021 1:11 PM

Wahiawā District Park

Gov. Ige has approved Mayor Kirk Caldwell’s proposal to allow singing and/or playing of wind instruments at indoor and outdoor restaurants/bars, with some restrictions.

In order to balance the childcare needs of our island community with the safety guidelines established due to COVID-19, there will be significant changes to the number of keiki that our facilities and staff can accommodate, the activities offered, and overall program procedures:

THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 2020 9:43 AM

Over 34,000 households are expected to receive help from the plan’s $100 million funded rental and housing assistance subsidies. The State’s most financially vulnerable households will receive rental assistance in the form of a $500 monthly subsidy or 50% of rent, whichever is lesser, for up to five months from August 1 to December 31.

WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 2020 4:54 PM

The public is reminded that the parking lot at the Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be closed to the public until 3 p.m. to allow for breakdown of testing tents and clearing of cones and barriers. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Crestview Community Park

Wai‘anae District Park

Kaiser Permanente

Waialua District Park

Criminal liability for hosts of guests who violate quarantine requirements or owners of cars that are rented to quarantine violators.

The emergency proclamation lifts the quarantine requirement for inter-island travelers effective 12:01 a.m. on June 16, 2020. However, it also leaves in place the quarantine requirement for out-of-state travelers. The governor has the authority to make exemptions for transit corridors/bubbles.

with modifications

The State Capitol building will remain closed to the public at least through June 30, 2020. Entry into the building will continue to be limited through the main double glass doors on the basement level from 7:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., and the National Guard will continue temperature screening everyone entering the building. Entry will be limited to employees and authorized guests. For more details, please read the memo dated May 22, 2020, from the Comptroller: Revised - Capitol Security Access Procedures

If you require special assistance, please call 586-6800 or email your request to

The Hawai‘i State Senate Committee on Ways and Means today deferred pay raises for legislators and state officials this year that had been recommended by the Salary Commission prior to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Social Distancing Requirements (as defined in the Order) are adhered to at all times.

Mānana Community Park

1. Patrons go to HSPLS Library Catalog and place a hold on any item(s) they want to borrow, or they may call their favorite library branch to place a hold with our staff.

Participants assume the risk that food supplies may run out before they can be served.

Mr. Alan Oshima, Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery and

This year registration will be conducted primarily online thanks to new software developed by the Honolulu Department of Information Technology. The software is called Parks and Recreation Online System, or PROS, and works best using the Google Chrome web browser.

District 3 (Pearlridge to Waiʻanae to Wahiawā) - ph. (808) 768-6889

Online Registration begins Saturday, June 20 at 9 a.m.

All in-office transactions will be served on an appointment-only basis. Masks or face coverings are required during in-office visits.

12:00 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov.

Moanalua Community Park

Ms. Susan Ballard, Chief of Police

Members of the Hawaii Executive Collaborative will present on a tourism recovery plan to create a task force to establish a travel bubble corridor. The corridor is for travel by two regions, both of which contained the virus, and who agree to a quarantine-free travel zone.

The state Department of Transportation will require thermal screening at the airport for everyone traveling inter-island. HDOT will also require travelers to fill out a new form that will now also ask for health-related information to assist the state in tracking and responding to new COVID-19 cases.

. Service providers that do not require human interaction between the service provider and the customer, including for example, fully automated car washes;

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 2021 9:08 AM

Ms. Clare Connors, Attorney General

CVS/Longs Drugs

FRIDAY, MAY 29, 2020 12:34 PM

MONDAY, MAY 18, 2020 10:20 AM

FRIDAY, APRIL 16, 2021 12:00 PM

To check on the status of your claim 24/7, click on “Check Your Claim Status.”

This software utilizes the same HNL.Info log-in that many O‘ahu residents already possess. We encourage the public to create an HNL.Info account and a PROS profile ahead of registration by visiting: https://pros.hnl.info.

The amended bill notes that in expectation of an economic downturn due to COVID-19, “the State Council on Revenues lowered its fiscal year 2021 forecast from four per cent to zero per cent, meaning that the State will have about $225,000,000 less in revenues than expected.”

Goal #13 - Climate action

3:30 p.m. Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

Test participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Although buildings remain closed to the public for now, the

Goal #9 - Industry Innovation and Infrastructure

The plan sets aside $230 million to support unemployed residents until the end of the year. “These critical funds will provide a new state unemployment insurance weekly benefit that replaces the weekly federal plus-up payments set to expire July 31,” explained Senator Dela Cruz, Chair of the Senate Ways and Means Committee. “Beginning August 1, an estimated 117,000 unemployed individuals will receive the State’s enhanced weekly unemployment benefit of $100.”

The extension of the eviction moratorium through July 31.

THURSDAY, MAY 7, 2020 9:53 AM

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 2021 12:00 PM

THURSDAY, MARCH 25, 2021 4:00 PM

FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 2020 9:54 AM

PRESCHOOL OPEN DOORS PROGRAM ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS

Tattoo artists

Mānoa Valley District Park

District 2

Food Service Program:

People’s Open Markets

Please note that there may be committee members or invited speakers participating remotely via video or teleconference.

4. Anyone with unexplained respiratory illness since January 2020 who were never tested for COVID-19

Whitmore Community Park

The Hawaii State Legislature will reconvene next Monday, May 11th. This reconvened session is expected to be about 6-10 days to address state budget issues and for the Senate to take up confirmation hearings for various state boards and commissions. The Ways and Means and Finance Committees will need to consider an estimated $1 billion in budget cuts from the $8 billion general fund budget, while minimizing cuts to social services or pay cuts or furloughs. All meetings and hearings will be broadcast live on Olelo; however, the public will not be able to attend, and written testimony will be excepted via submission.

Antibody Testing will be through actual blood draw. Licensed practitioners will be on site to conduct this test, and the samples are sent to local labs for analysis and reporting. The testing will be free if covered by the patient’s insurance, but a charge of $40 will be made to each patient without insurance by local labs who will bill the patients. Those only taking part in the Antibody Testing will not need to self-quarantine. The following categories of individuals are encouraged to be tested by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi:

The bill defers all salary increases slated for this fiscal year for members of the legislature, the governor, lieutenant governor, justices and judges of all state courts, administrative director of the State or an equivalent position, and department heads or executive officers and the deputies or assistants to the department heads or executive officers of the departments.

Kauluwela Community Park

Mr. Ross Higashi, Deputy Director

Gov. Ige signed a 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation that authorizes the first group of businesses to re-open since the COVID-19 pandemic forced the temporary closure of non-essential businesses across the state on Mar. 25.

TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 2020 1:26 PM

2. Healthcare Workers and First Responders

The Hawai‘i State Senate is scheduled to resume its 2020 session June 22 to July 10. Committees will be considering a limited number of critical bills that were put on hold when the Senate was forced to recess in mid-March due to COVID-19. The Senate will also be allocating additional federal funding from the CARES Act.

Kahala Community Park

Testing for regular PCR (nose swab) will be conducted as it has been done previously. If one desires this testing, the attending doctor will determine who should be tested. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 2021 4:00 PM

The Legislature is currently in recess, pursuant to S.C.R. No. 244.

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 2021 10:00 AM

Ms. Jade Fountain-Tanigawa, County Clerk

Food will be placed directly into the vehicle at each food distribution station.

Gov. David Ige signed a ninth supplementary emergency proclamation that extends the COVID-19 emergency period through July 31.

Letter to Mayor Caldwell

The City and County of Honolulu COVID-19 information call center remains open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on holidays. O‘ahu residents are encouraged to visit the website, oneoahu.org to get answers to frequently asked questions about Mayor Caldwell’s “Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order”. If they do not find an answer to their questions on the site, residents can call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov.

Driver’s licensing and Satellite City Halls: All six of the driver licensing centers in the City and County of Honolulu are open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. The online appointment system for appoints for driver licenses and state identification services can be accessed at alohaq.org. The system has been revised to serve the greatest needs first. For assistance with making an appointment, call: (808) 768-4177. Masks or face coverings are required during all in-office visits. For more information, visit honolulu.gov.csd. The Kapahulu Vehicle Reconstruction Inspection Station in the City and County of Honolulu is open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. For assistance, call: (808) 768-4325.

The annual Hawaii State Judiciary juror questionnaires will soon be mailed to individuals who have a Hawaii state driver’s license or are registered to vote in Hawaii. Beginning August 3, approximately 235,000 juror questionnaires will be mailed to 85,000 residents on Oahu, 55,000 in Maui County, 70,000 on Hawaii Island, and 25,000 on Kauai. They are used to help select potential jurors who may be eligible to serve in 2021. Individuals are selected at random. Anyone receiving a questionnaire has 10 days to complete and return it to the Jury Pool Office in the envelope provided. Those who fail to respond may be penalized. To be eligible to serve as a juror, you must be at least 18 years old, a citizen of the United States, a resident of Hawaii, and able to read and understand English. The Hawaii State Department of Health is in varying stages of reviewing and approving the circuit courts’ health-and-safety plans to resume jury selection and jury trials. The plan includes touchless temperature scans and CDC-recommended screening questions before entering a courthouse; required face coverings; enforced social distancing measures; and increased cleaning and disinfecting of our facilities.

TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 2020 7:07 PM

Hawaii Pacific University - M

The committee asked that he consider the public’s safety and issue a directive to judges to require bail prior to release and conditions such as ankle bracelets for quarantine violators.

3. Front line tourism industry workers with direct exposure to visitors

Mr. Jade Butay, Director

Neighborhood Board Commission: Neighborhood boards will resume public meetings beginning June 1. Physical distancing requirements are followed. For meeting information, please contact the NCO at 768-3710, email nco@honolulu.gov, or visit the office’s website at honolulu.gov/nco.

Under the CARES Act, Hawai'i has been given a total of $862,823,978 to support the State and smaller Counties. A separate allocation of $387,176,021 was provided to the City & County of Honolulu. The Senate has proposed allocating the funds in a responsible, prudent and conservative expenditure approach to meet both statewide and county needs. Below are some highlights. $175 million to support the various counties;

To report a possible self-quarantine violation, contact your county police department at 911. The police have access to all data pertaining to airport arrivals.

City and County of Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell announced a new emergency aid program for Oahu residents. Individuals under financial hardship will be eligible for up to $1,000 for basic needs such as rent and utilities, and up to an additional $500 for basic childcare. The program will begin on May 18.

1. Previous COVID-19 positive individuals and their families and close contacts

Leaders of the Hawaii State Teachers Association, Hawaii Government Employees Association, and United Public Workers agreed with a revised Hawaiʻi State Department of Education recommendation to the school board that will adjust the 2020–21 school year calendar, and start students later - from the original August 4 date to August 17. The deal will need the approval of the Hawaiʻi Board Of Education, which will hold a special meeting this Thursday, July 30, at 1 p.m. Ten-month DOE employees will still report to work as planned on Wednesday, July 29. According to HSTA, the agreement would give educators nine (9) additional days of training and preparation time on top of the regularly scheduled two (2) administration days and two (2) teacher preparation days between July 29 and Aug. 3. The extra time “would allow for training, planning, and preparation for the safe return of students to classrooms.” News of the agreement was shared by the unions to its membership, and a statement from Superintendent Dr. Christina Kishimoto was also posted to the DOE website. “HIDOE leadership has been working with the unions throughout the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure our students get the education they deserve and our employees have a safe work environment,” Dr. Kishimoto said. “We have continued these conversations and reached a conditional agreement today to propose a delayed start for students to accommodate concerns regarding employee training.” “Throughout our discussions, we were mindful that any adjustments to the calendar must focus on educating and supporting students,” Kishimoto said. “We also acknowledge the voice of our families, partners and employees who are not represented by the unions yet are impacted by this decision.” “We will use this time to prepare at yet another level, but I recognize this comes at a cost for public school parents and our students,” the Superintendent concluded. “My expectation is that if the Board approves the two week delay, that our labor partners will do an aggressive push to their members to be at schoolhouse doors on day one for our students.”

Mr. Glen Takahashi, City Clerk

Goal #3 - Good health and well-being

MONDAY, MAY 4, 2020 3:20 PM

Mayor Caldwell’s proposal includes the Friday, May 29

Testimony will be provided by Hawaii Executive Collaborative members Paul Yonamine, Duane Kurisu, and Lori Teranishi. Please note that there may be committee members or invited speakers participating remotely via video or teleconference.

Pools

MONDAY, MAY 4, 2020 10:22 AM

Waipahū District Park

THURSDAY, MAY 21, 2020 10:08 AM

Kalama Beach Park

Test participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them.

The 2020 Summer Fun Program will not require any fees or payment on the part of the participating families. In the past, Summer Fun registration was done in-person as a result of these prior payments. This resulted in eager parents waiting for hours, sometimes days, at various park locations to secure a spot for their keiki.

District 2 (Makiki to ʻAiea) - ph. (808) 768-9292

Play areas

Testing is being done from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. today, April 22 at The Church of Jesus Christ of the Latter-Day Saints in Wahiaw

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22, 2020 11:55 AM

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 2021 9:39 AM

Nail technicians

No public testimony will be accepted.

Resiliency Navigator

O‘ahu residents with a hardship or special need outside these parameters can call (808) 768-4177 for assistance.

:

The latest proclamation also allows residents to leave their homes to patronize certain businesses and activities under the new “Safer-at-Home” order.

Previous COVID-19 positive individuals and their families and close contacts

Hawaii Pacific Health

3:00 p.m. Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery & Resiliency Plan

TUESDAY, JUNE 23, 2020 10:44 AM

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 2020 10:19 AM

$40 million for AG enforcement, PPE, payroll, and other department requests;

$1 million for the PUA program (UI for independent contractors & GIG workers);

District 1

Agenda for today's meeting found below. Watch it live on Olelo 49.

The 2020 SFSP is sponsored by the United States Department of Agriculture, and will provide lunch to Summer Fun participants 18 years and younger. SFSP will begin on July 6 and run through July 17 at select, qualified Summer Fun sites. Those participating will be listed on DPR’s website: http://bit.ly/SummerFunOahu

Mililani District Park

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 2021 6:00 PM

Fern Community Park

Wailupe Community Park

Mr. Michael Kamida, Technical Lead and Liaison

The public is reminded that parking lots at the two sites will be closed to the public until 2 p.m. to allow for breakdown of testing tents and clearing of cones and barriers. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Mr. Sean Williams, Vice President

FRIDAY, MAY 8, 2020 12:36 PM

TUESDAY, MARCH 2, 2021 11:00 AM

Antibody testing determines whether a patient had COVID-19 and now has antibodies against the virus; it is not used to determine whether someone currently has the disease. The test also does not tell you whether or not you may be susceptible to getting COVID again. Patients should discuss results with their healthcare provider to understand what the results mean for them.

TUESDAY, MARCH 16, 2021 11:00 AM

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 2020 8:45 PM

Mr. Rodrigo Romo, Program Director

The 10-foot distance requirement does not apply to members of the same performing group.

Reconstructed vehicle inspection is another in-office visit that will be served strictly on an appointment-only basis.

COVID-19 testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex and Kakaʻako Waterfront Park will be available this weekend. Drive-thru testing for COVID-19 will be offered at both locations, but a new Antibody Testing will be offered as well.

Mr. Robert Kurisu, Co-Founder

Hawaii Technology Development Corporation

2:30 p.m.

SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 2021 8:28 PM

Mr. Scott Nago, Chief Election Officer

The state Department of Labor and Industrial Relations is kicking off an alphabetical system to ease the burden on the antiquated technology that has crashed multiple times over the past few weeks.

THURSDAY, MARCH 18, 2021 10:00 AM

Mr. Jon Henricks, County Clerk

The COVID-19 Hardship Relief program will provide funding support to Oahu residents with amounts up to $1,000 per month for qualified household expenses, and up to $500 per month for qualified childcare expenses to aid in lessening economic hardships caused by the pandemic. Each household may receive continued benefits as hardship continues, up to 6 months.

MONDAY, APRIL 5, 2021 9:00 AM

Entertainment areas

The partnering pharmacies throughout the state include: ElixRx Pharmacy, 5 Minute Pharmacy, Foodland Pharmacy, KTA Pharmacy, Pharmacare Hawaii, The Queen’s Medical Center Pharmacy, and Times Pharmacy. As of Friday, the DOH has administered more than 56,000 vaccines and has received 152,650 doses from Moderna and Pfizer-BioNTech combined.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick-up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also stream live online at

TUESDAY, MAY 19, 2020 9:22 AM

The Hawaii State Department of Education (HIDOE) Grab-and-Go school meals program will be extended at select meal sites for an extra four days beyond the end of the school year on May 28 and transition to the summer meal program which runs through July 17. Certain schools will provide meals to children 18 years or younger, free of charge, regardless of eligibility for free or reduced price meals.

The special committee will convene to discuss the impact of COVID-19 on the upcoming elections. Specific topics include the number of Voter Service Centers, available drop boxes, and the steps being taken to ensure the health and safety of voters.

Kamilo Iki Community Park

Agriculture (non-food), such as landscape, ornamental plant growers, and nurseries

Swanzy Beach Park

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 2021 10:00 AM

Queen’s Health Systems

For those who do not have computer or internet access, accommodations are available to facilitate their registration into the program. Please call the Summer Fun site for those accommodations. A list of the 65 program sites is included at the bottom of this announcement for your convenience.

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency -

4:15 p.m. Department of Taxation

More COVID-19 testing will be available at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex and Kakaʻako Waterfront Park this weekend. Drive-thru testing for COVID-19 will be offered at both locations, but a new Antibody Testing will be offered as well.

For each location, follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. This is part of an effort to do focused testing in communities across Oʻahu. Results of the testing will be used to identify COVID-19 “Hot Spots” to help in their containment.

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 2021 9:35 AM

To help lessen demand for appointments, 50,000 letters were sent to O‘ahu residents who qualify to renew their driver licenses or state identification cards either online or by mail. In addition, the federal government announced in April that the start date for REAL ID enforcement has been extended by 12 months to Oct. 1, 2021.

FRIDAY, JUNE 5, 2020 1:33 PM

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be streamed live online at

THURSDAY, APRIL 22, 2021 9:00 AM

Mr. Scott Glenn, Chief Energy Officer

Booth District Park

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 2020 8:48 PM

The letter to the Chief Justice states the concern “that the quarantine orders are being flouted once travelers leave the airport” and that when violators “appear before a judge, often the violators are released on their own recognizance without any measures to ensure no further violations happen.”

is a convenient and safe way to access library books and materials.

Kalihi Valley District Park

Pearl City District Park

“Disturbingly, we have also received reports that the City and County of Honolulu have avoided addressing these public concerns of non-compliance with regularity,” the letter says, and requests that the administration make enforcement of the quarantine “a priority by investigating and arresting people who violate them in our community, including returning residents and vacation rentals…”

Mr. Brandon Kurisu, Coalition Representative

McCully District Park

The Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order allows residents of the City and County of Honolulu to shop at retail businesses and shopping malls that comply with specific operations guidelines that includes allowing all persons in these establishments to maintain physical/social distancing and health and safety standards.

Kahuku Community Park

The committee will be meeting with the following:

WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 2020 10:39 AM

Appointments for in-office visits to satellite city halls will be available starting June 29. To make an online appointment, visit

Dr. Lynn Babington, President

Click here to read more from Civil Beat.

For information on the testing with Transformation Health Network, call 854-3566.

The public is encouraged to participate by submitting written testimony. No in-person testimony will be allowed at this time due to COVID-19. To submit testimony, please visit:

These businesses/operations are required to follow the social distancing requirements in the 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation. They also are encouraged to follow the applicable guidelines recommended by the Centers for Disease Control. Generally, this means they must implement physical distancing requirements such as capacity limits and ensuring 6 feet or more between individuals using floor markings and signage; limit in-person work when possible; reduce the number of high-touch surfaces and objects as much as possible; reconfigure workplace to enable physical distancing if possible; communicate health and safety protocols to all employees, customers and visitors.

Pu‘unui Community Park

There will be no discrimination in the course of the meal service, as they will be served regardless of race, color, creed, national origin, sex, or disability.

Makiki District Park

Certain real estate services. All real property sales and management activities must be accomplished by remote/electronic means whenever possible. Restrictions and permitted real estate services are outlined in Emergency Order No. 2020-09;

Hālawa District Park

Auto Dealerships

Goal #7 - Affordable and clean energy

MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 2021 9:52 AM

For more information, please visit their website at librarieshawaii.org

The Hawai‘i State Senate’s 2020 session was originally scheduled to take place from January 15 to May 7, but the Senate was forced to recess in mid-March due to the COVID-19 emergency. The Senate held a two week reconvene on May 11 to pass time-sensitive budget bills and nominations from the governor.

Waimānalo Beach Park

Mayor Caldwell’s proposal is included in the second amendment to the City and County of Honolulu’s Emergency Order No. 2020-16, posted online at www.honolulu.gov

to read the full press release.

THURSDAY, APRIL 23, 2020 12:44 PM

Dr. Sarah Park, State Epidemiologist

Keiki participants will be within the same group for the entire program.

DPR is still hiring for those interested in working as Summer Fun Aides. Please click here if you are interested in fun, seasonal work opportunity, or call the District Office of the location where you would like to work (listed below)

Childcare services, licensed or authorized under the law

For more information, visit

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 2021 12:00 PM

THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2020 10:20 AM

June 19: Indoor operations such as:

Performers who sing or play wind instruments must keep a distance of at least 10 feet from other people.

Kāne‘ohe Community Park

Longs Drugs pharmacies begin offering COVID-19 vaccinations daily

Occupancy is limited at all times to no more than one (1) person per 200 square feet of the gross operation area (which equates to approximately 50 percent of the maximum occupancy load).

VACCINE APPOINTMENT AND SITE INFORMATION:

The Honolulu Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) is excited to announce a modified version of Summer Fun will be held this year. The program will be offered at no charge to O‘ahu families with Mayor Caldwell waiving the fees for the summer day camp.

Kalaniana‘ole Beach Park

FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 2020 9:46 AM

Out-of-state travelers arriving in Hawai‘i must get a PCR test prior to arrival from any testing location approved by the Hawai‘i State Department of Health. Evidence of a negative test result must be provided upon arrival in Hawai‘i. Without this, passengers arriving from out-of-state will be subject to the 14-day quarantine.

TUESDAY, MARCH 9, 2021 11:00 AM

District 4 (Waialua to Waimānalo) - ph. (808) 768-8980

Vaccinations are by appointment only

Beretania Community Park

Gov. Ige announced all travelers arriving in Hawai‘i from out-of-state will be required to get a valid COVID-19 test prior to their arrival, and to show proof of a negative test result, to avoid the 14-day quarantine. The pre-travel testing program begins Aug. 1.

WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 2020 11:25 AM

1:30 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29, 2020 2:14 PM

2:00 p.m. Department of Health -

Click

Participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information including insurance if available and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head here.

Enchanted Lake Community Park

THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 2021 12:30 PM

Salt Lake District Park

The elimination of prohibitions related to beaches, boating, hiking and shoreline fishing, as these activities are being addressed through the counties in coordination with the state Department of Land and Natural Resources.

Goal #11 - Sustainable cities and communities:

. The system will allow appointments only for those licenses expiring in June. (This includes licenses and state IDs with March expiration dates that were previously granted a 90-day extension under a state emergency order.) Later in the month, open appointment slots will be offered driver licenses and state IDs with July expiration dates. (This would include those with April expiration dates that were similarly extended by emergency order to July.)

If you are having difficulty filing your unemployment insurance 24/7, you may be clicking on the wrong link. Follow these steps to complete your filing and avoid error messages:

Food-court dining areas (except for delivery or carry out)

Bring the following items with you to the "Food For Hawai‘i's ‘Ohana" distribution: a pen, completed Household Information Form(s) and a valid government-issued ID for each household.

Staff or keiki will not be allowed to participate in the program if they are sick, have been in contact with someone diagnosed with COVID-19, or have traveled out-of-state within the past 14 days.

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 2020 10:21 AM

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 2021 9:31 AM

On Tuesday, May 12, Transformation Health Network will conduct testing in the parking lot at Kalihi Union Church, 2214 North King Street from 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Entry will be from the driveway on Umi Street. Walk-up individuals are welcome also.

for “personal service providers” including:

Qualified expenses will be paid directly to the vendor on behalf of the applicant.

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 2021 4:00 PM

Within shopping malls, the following must remain closed:

Travelers may be prohibited from boarding a flight if they have an elevated temperature above 100.4 degrees, they refuse to complete the mandatory form, or they are on the 14-day quarantine list prohibiting them from flying.

Hawaii Tourism Authority

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 2021 10:00 AM

$8 million to DLIR for IT Modernization, UI Program Enhancements, and facility and staff support;

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 16, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 17, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 2020 8:59 PM

Goal #4 - Quality education

Another $56 million will be used to bring back small businesses, support training and job programs connecting unemployed with local businesses in need of employees, and provide manufacturing grants to local companies that can create local supply chains for necessary cleaning supplies and personal protection equipment (PPE).

To view the guidelines, head here -

Grave site visits are also being added as an Essential Activity. All of the added reopening of certain businesses are with limitations. The restated Stay at Home Order incorporates prior orders, including but not limited to, ordering all individuals living within the City to stay at their place of residence except for Essential Activities, Governmental Functions, or to operate Essential Businesses, mandating employees and visitors of Essential Businesses to wear a non-medical grade face covering mandate, and the ban of all public and private gatherings of any number of people occurring outside a single household or living unit.

Dr. Edward Desmond, Administrator

MONDAY, JUNE 22, 2020 8:45 AM

The Health Department is still in the process of developing this program but anticipates requiring an FDA-approved PCR test from a CLIA certified laboratory. Travelers will be required to provide printed or emailed pre-test certification as evidence of a negative test result. Travelers will be responsible for the cost of the pre-travel test.

Since in-office visits were suspended nine weeks ago, more than 44,000 driver license and state ID appointments had to be canceled.

MONDAY, APRIL 19, 2021 8:00 AM

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, June 27, by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing will be from 8 a.m. – 2 p.m.

On weekends and holidays, that time is from 9 a.m. to 11 p.m.

TUESDAY, MARCH 30, 2021 9:49 AM

Observatories & Support Facilities

Due to the recent uptick in COVID-19 cases, drive-thru testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be available this weekend.

Department of Environmental Services: Regular curbside refuse, green waste, and recycling service is still being conducted. Convenience centers and transfer stations remain open. Please note, all in-person services are suspended. Visit opala.org for more information.

Changes to the amended Stay at Home Order add the limited reopening of certain designated businesses and operations such as:

Appointments can be made at

during the COVID-19 crisis. The departments have announced subsidy changes to its assistance program for families and providers and are encouraging more families to apply. Get more information about applying to Child Care Connection Hawai‘i online by clicking on this link - bit.ly/ApplyCCCH.

Mr. David Sikkink, Administrator

‘Ewa Beach Community Park

, starting Thursday, May 28. This includes:

The legislative branch will reopen beginning June 1, 2020. Each Senate office and support staff office will be expected to resume normal business hours on that date. For more details, please read the memo dated May 22, 2020, from the Senate President: Reopening of Legislative Branch - June 1, 2020

THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2020 10:24 AM

Goal #16 - Peace, justice, and strong institutions

SUPERINTENDENT SAYS SCHOOLS COULD REALISTICALLY REOPEN FULLY IN FALL 2021; SOME HIGH SCHOOLS CAN HOLD LIMITED IN-PERSON COMMENCEMENT CEREMONIES

The City and County of Honolulu will soon be launching the COVID-19 Hardship Relief Program to help those most economically impacted by shutdowns to prevent the spread of the coronavirus. Scheduled to launch on May 18, the relief fund can be used to assist with basic needs including as rent, eligible utilities, childcare, and other essential expenses.

Similar outdoor facilities

TUESDAY, MAY 26, 2020 12:05 PM

The Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order can be found here.

Staff and keiki will be provided hand sanitizer.

Lanakila District Park

In addition, travelers will be required to fill out the State Travel and Health form.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 2021 10:00 AM

with limitations

Water parks

. Businesses that provide services such as private tutoring, certain music instrument lessons, etc., on a one-on-one basis, that comply with social distancing requirements;

‘Āhuimanu Community Park

‪Starting 5 a.m. Saturday, City parks will be reopened to exercise only. Exercise includes running, walking, jogging and biking. However, no camping, using tennis courts, basketball courts, play equipment, off-leash dog parks, baseball, volleyball, etc.

Mr. Len Higashi, Acting Executive Director

Kilauea District Park

Game rooms

Mayor Kirk Caldwell announced that certain Oauhu businesses will be allowed to open with limitations. This Order is effective from 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, April 30 through 4:30 p.m. on May 18.

No testing will be provided upon arrival at the airport.

Designated spaces will be made for each group, with activities conducted on a rotating basis.

Appointments can be made on AlohaQ.org.

Department of Parks and Recreation: City parks, courts, fields and parking lots are open. City skate parks and off-leash dog parks will reopen on Friday, May 29. The Koko Head Shooting Complex, city archery ranges, People’s Open Markets, and pools (lap swim only) are scheduled to reopen on Friday, June 5. The five Honolulu Botanical Gardens are open for passive use. This means no camping, garden tours, or recreational programs will be offered at that time. Other park facilities remain closed to the public, such as: playgrounds, campgrounds, gyms, and recreation buildings. Please be advised that lifeguards are not stationed in their regular towers but are instead on roving patrols. Stand-alone comfort stations are open but they will be closed during cleaning, maintenance, and regular park closure hours. For more information, please visit honolulu.gov/parks.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 2021 9:00 PM

Ms. Kathy Sokugawa, Acting Director

Mr. Scott Murakami, Director

TUESDAY, MAY 26, 2020 8:26 AM

WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 2020 2:44 PM

THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 2021 9:00 AM

TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 2020 8:53 AM

Online Registration begins Thursday, June 18 at 6 p.m.

11:00 a.m. Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

Here’s how it works

‘Āina Haina Community Park

The Legislature’s proposed plan builds upon UHERO’s estimates that $618 million in spending will generate more than $1 billion in Gross Domestic Product over the coming year and help Hawaiʻi’s households and businesses by supporting up to 6,500 jobs. The plan provides discretion to the Ige Administration to spend the remaining CARES funds to pay for unanticipated and emerging needs. This discretionary amount could be used to bolster Hawaiʻi’s unemployment insurance funds or support COVID-19 related programs.

This software was successfully used for shooters to make reservations at the Koko Head Shooting Complex beginning on Wednesday, June 3, and will serve a larger capacity in DPR registration and reservations in the future.

Asing Community Park

Gov. Ige announced that the state will be lifting the 14-day quarantine requirement for inter-island travelers, effective June 16.

resumption of operations

The governor is expected to extend the 14-day quarantine for travelers through June 30. This comes as the governor announced that he intends to continue Hawaii’s safer-at-home order through June 30. The Hawaii Tourism Authority, Department of Transportation, and other state agencies are working with the airlines to toughen the entry restrictions, to include revising the visitor arrival form, requiring the flight crew to complete the form, seeking to confirm return flights, increasing the screening staff at airports, stiffening hotel quarantines, enforcing rules on car rentals, and confirming hotel or home stays, among others. The COVID-19 committee met with the Police Chief, representatives from the Courts, and the Prosecutor's Office to coordinate enforcement of the 14-day quarantine. There were general agreements for a maximum bail of $2,000 for quarantine violators. Arraignment would be done virtually within 48-72 hours. Police statistics for Emergency Proclamation violations from March 20 to May 14 included 9,313 warnings, 5,244 citations, and 292 arrests.

Makakilo Community Park

THURSDAY, MAY 28, 2020 8:57 AM

Museums

On May 14, the Senate was briefed on the State Administration’s proposal for $1.25 billion appropriated under the federal Coronavirus Aid Relief & Economic Security (CARES) Act. Senate Bill 75 SD2 HD1 passed out of the House Finance Committee and will now head to the full House for a vote next week. Concerns remain regarding how agencies will spend these funds, such as economic support to those most affected during this pandemic.

The six driver licensing centers on O‘ahu reopened May 26 for in-office visits also on an appointment-only basis.

The Executive Office on Early Learning is working closely with the Department of Human Services and other agencies and stakeholders to coordinate early childhood care

Attendance Limits:

Safety Protocols:

Other beauty operators

District 1 (Hawaiʻi Kai to McCully) - ph. (808) 768-8944

service is not available at the following libraries: Liliha, McCully, Pearl City and the Hawaii State Library. No book donations will be accepted at this time.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 2021 3:00 PM

Koko Head District Park

For more information on the testing run by Kalihi Kai Urgent Care, call (808) 841-2273.

THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2020 10:28 AM

Mā‘ili Community Park*

Ms. Kathy Kaohu, County Clerk

Retail & Repair Services, such as apparel, florists, watch & surfboard repair (Note: retail does not re-open in City & County of Honolulu until May 15, and retail & most repair will not re-open in Maui county.)

Office of Elections

The City’s “COVID-19 Guidance for Business” is followed to the greatest extent possible.

$14 million to the DOH for contact tracing/testing, vaccination and contract tracing staff, investigation and infection control, PPE and supplies;

FRIDAY, MAY 22, 2020 2:00 PM

No public testimony will be accepted.If you require special assistance, please call 586-6800 or email your request to waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 2021 9:16 AM

WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 2020 11:16 AM

Kailua District Park

FRIDAY, MAY 8, 2020 12:28 PM

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 2021 11:55 AM

Waimānalo District Park

University of Hawaii – School of Nursing and Dental Hygiene -

appointment time to pick up their item(s).

Dr. Eugene Tian, Chief State Economist

Paki Community Park

THURSDAY, MAY 7, 2020 10:06 AM

Ms. Rona Suzuki, Director

Pet Grooming Services

Public Transportation - TheBus and TheHandi-Van: These services are operating with increased sanitary precautions for passenger and driver safety and health. Visit thebus.org or call 848-5555 for up-to-date schedules and information. The TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is open for in-person assessments for those extending or applying for eligibility. Distancing practices must be followed. TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is located at the First Insurance Center, 1100 Ward Avenue, Suite 835. For questions or to schedule an assessment, call (808) 538-0033, Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

– sales and leasing activities (with restrictions);

Every1ne Hawaii -

WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 2020 4:50 PM

WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 2020 12:06 PM

Movie theatres

The Household Information Form can be downloaded below: A separate form must be filled out for each household represented in the vehicle.

To allow access to the proceedings, the Senate will be providing live streams of all Senate hearings and floor sessions in real time, on YouTube and/or ‘Ōlelo and neighbor island cable networks, with live closed captioning. A list of upcoming and archived Senate hearings is available here: http://olelo.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=13

MONDAY, MARCH 22, 2021 10:00 AM

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 23, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 24, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

On Friday, April 24, Kalihi Kai Urgent Care will be conducting testing at ʻEwa Mahiko District Park in ʻEwa Beach. Testing at 91-1205 Renton Road will run from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.

Ms. Georja Skinner, Chief Officer

The amended bill states (HB117), “Due to the unprecedented economic downturn resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the legislature believes that continued implementation of the commission's recommendations for the executive and judicial branches, and planned adjustments for the legislature, is irresponsible at this time and should be deferred.”

Children must be six years old before Aug. 1, 2020 and not older than thirteen years old by July 28, 2020 to qualify. The modified Summer Fun will still utilize Junior Leaders.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on Olelo channel 49 on Oahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels.

THURSDAY, MAY 14, 2020 3:34 PM

Food will be distributed for approximately 4,000 households or WHILE SUPPLIES LAST.

12:00 p.m. Department of Health, State Laboratories

Building Permit Applications: Available by appointment only. Self-service permits are available online at honolulu.gov/dpp.

Please note that these operations may have altered hours. Please visit their websites before going to the location for services.

$637 million to be deposited into the state's rainy day fund to be allocated in subsequent sessions.

MONDAY, MAY 18, 2020 10:09 AM

Waikele Community Park

Click here to read more from KITV4 news.

Only Ala Moana Satellite City Hall will temporarily remain closed to in-office visits as it prepares to relocate within the shopping center.

Board of Water Supply: Water service remains operational and the water is safe to drink. Testing is conducted daily. BWS account services are available online at boardofwatersupply.com, by mail, or by phone. In-person services are suspended.

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 2020 10:10 AM

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29, 2020 4:02 PM

Mr. Chris Tatum, CEO

SafePaths -

For patrons who placed their holds during the closure, their item(s) are ready for pick up after the patron schedules a

AN ADULT FROM EACH HOUSEHOLD MUST BE PRESENT WITH A VALID GOVERNMENT-ISSUED ID.

Feeding Hawaii Together, a non-profit organization,is currently providing food to the public. The organization is located at 2522 Rose Street. Visit thepantry.org to register for food remotely, visually see the food available, place an order, then receive a day/time for pick-up. This allows to continue to provide urgently needed food, while conforming to all of the COVID-19 safety requirements.They distribute food 3 days per week.

2. After receiving a notice that their item(s) are ready for pick up, patrons can schedule a Library Take Out time at picktime.com/hspls.

THURSDAY, MAY 21, 2020 9:33 AM

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 7, 2021 11:00 AM

Safety Protocols

Arcades

Kanewai Community Park

1:00 p.m.

TO FILE A CLAIM OR CHECK YOUR STATUS

The proclamation also includes:

Maintenance staff will clean bathroom facilities twice daily.

Before attending a distribution, please make sure your vehicle's back seat, trunk, hatchback and/or tailgate are emptied and prepared to receive food.

The number of new COVID-19 cases is expected to rise once travel is re-opened. However, the State Department of Health has begun the process of training 500 new contact tracers, exceeding the recommended standards set by the Centers for Disease Control, and is exploring other screening and testing procedures.

Mr. Greg Barbour, Executive Director

Registration:

Kapaolono Community Park

The distribution organizers reserve the right to refuse service to individuals who do not comply with the rules established for this food distribution.

The proposal also allows the following to resume operations with modifications:

Shopping Malls – limited to retail and repair services (Note: shopping malls are not reopening in Maui county.)

Gov. David Ige approved Mayor Kirk Caldwell’s proposal to safely re-open more businesses and operations on O‘ahu, under guidelines that will ensure the safety of employees and customers.

THURSDAY, APRIL 23, 2020 3:55 PM

A public-private partnership — that includes the City and County of Honolulu, Aloha United Way, the Council for Native Hawaiian Advancement, Helping Hands Hawaii, and other service providers — will work directly with individuals and families dealing with economic hardship to administer these resources and ensure Oahu residents have the support they need.

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 2021 8:03 PM

Public Access:

District 4

Waiau District Park

The governor noted that the next step in re-opening air travel will be restoring out-of-state travel to the islands in a safe manner. He has been working on plans to do this said he would announce them soon.

Under Phase 1 of the state’s re-opening, the following businesses and operations can re-open starting May 7, 2020 at 12:01 a.m. However, everyone is advised to check the restrictions in place in each county, as they may differ.

Starting next week, those whose last name starts with the letters A through G should file on Mondays.

Fitness centers

DOH TO PARTNER WITH PHARMACIES STATEWIDE TO PROVIDE COVID-19 VACCINE

Goal #10 - Reduced inequalities:

Kaimuki Community Park

Summer Fun Sites 2020:

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 2021 9:38 AM

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. The meeting will also be livestreaming on

Veterans Affairs

THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 2021 9:07 AM

Pililā‘au Community Park

12:45p.m. Department of the Attorney General -

Goal #17 - Partnership for the goals

No pubic testimony will be accepted.

.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 2021 9:48 AM

THURSDAY, MAY 14, 2020 11:48 AM

1:15 p.m. Department of Health

Wilson Community Park

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 2021 12:00 PM

FRIDAY, MARCH 5, 2021 9:00 AM

The times to file are Monday through Friday from 6:30 a.m. to 11 p.m.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be livestreamed via http://olelo.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=13.

The Hawaii State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 will hold a hearing today at noon live on ‘Olelo 49.


=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.donnamercadokim.com/news/#are-you-eligible-to-receive-the-covid-19-vaccine-in-hawaii-=====

 <tag> h2




OAHU MOVES TO TIER 3 OF REOPENING STRATEGY

VACCINE APPOINTMENT AND SITE INFORMATION:

COVID-19 VACCINATION AVAILABILITY

Before attending a distribution, please make sure your vehicle's back seat, trunk, hatchback and/or tailgate are emptied and prepared to receive food.

Food will be distributed for approximately 4,000 households or WHILE SUPPLIES LAST.

Bring the following items with you to the "Food For Hawai‘i's ‘Ohana" distribution: a pen, completed Household Information Form(s) and a valid government-issued ID for each household.

 <tag> h3


SENATE COVID-19 TO MEET TOMORROW

QUARANTINE LIFTED FOR INTER-ISLAND TRAVEL STARTING JUNE 16

SATELLITE CITY HALLS TO REOPEN JULY 1

Kaiser Permanente

AIRPORTS AND HEALTH DEPARTMENTS AMONG OTHERS TO MEET WITH SENATE COMMITTEE TOMORROW

SENATE SPECIAL COMMITTEE CONVENES APRIL 28

COVID-19 Variants and the Vaccine: What You Should Know

All Residents 16+ Are Becoming Eligible April 19

HAWAII STATE SENATE ANNOUNCES OPERATIONAL CHANGES AHEAD OF 2021 LEGISLATIVE SESSION

SENATE COVID-19 MEETS TODAY TO DISCUSS ELECTIONS

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH RED HILL CONTESTED CASE HEARING

PUBLIC LIBRARY LAUNCHES TAKE OUT SYSTEM

OAHU DRIVER LICENSING & STATE ID SERVICES RESTART BY APPOINTMENT ONLY

HAWAII DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH PREPARES FOR SECOND PRIORITY POPULATION GROUP TO BEGIN RECEIVING COVID-19 VACCINE

State expands eligibility to more Phase 1c essential workers on Monday

SENATORS DEFER PAY RAISES RECOMMENDED BY SALARY COMMISSION

COVID-19 Vaccine Update

GET UPDATES

GOVERNOR APPROVES MORE BUSINESSES TO OPEN

AlohaSafe Alert: Add your phone to fight against COVID-19

Hawaii State Legislature Website

2021 Session

FREE FOOD FOR THE COMMUNITY

Who is eligible to get the vaccine and how do I sign-up?

HAWAII HEALTHCARE WORKERS BEGIN RECEIVING 2ND DOSE OF COVID-19 VACCINE

SUMMER FOOD SERVICE STUDENT MEALS

DLIR IMPLEMENTS FILING CERTIFICATION DAYS BASED ON LAST NAME

OAHU BEACHES CLEARED TO OPEN

QUARANTINE EXTENDED FOR OUT-OF-STATE TRAVELERS TILL JULY 31

PRESCHOOL OPEN DOORS PROGRAM ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS

Beware of COVID-19 vaccine scams!

STATE TO LAUNCH COVID-19 PRE-TRAVEL TESTING PROGRAM FOR OUT-OF-STATE TRAVELERS AUGUST 1

FOOD DISTRIBUTION AT ALOHA STADIUM TOMORROW, MAY 22

5 Things Hawaii residents need to know about COVID-19 variants

COVID-19 COMMITTEE SENDS CONCERNS TO CHIEF JUSTICE AND MAYOR

GOVERNOR EXTENDS STAY-AT-HOME ORDER TILL MAY 31

CITY PARKS TO REOPEN THIS SATURDAY WITH LIMITED ACTIVITY

OAHU SHOPPING AND RETAIL STORES CAN OPEN MAY 15

Vaccination Eligibility for Individuals 70+

COVID-19 Vaccination Availability

New resource! Booklet helps you and your loved ones develop a COVID-19 care plan

FREE TESTING TOMORROW, MAY 12

OAHU DRIVER LICENSING, STATE ID SERVICES RESTART BY APPOINTMENT ONLY

Longs Drugs pharmacies begin offering COVID-19 vaccinations daily

VEHICLE SAFETY CHECKS FOR REGISTRATION TEMPORARILY HALTED

Why Get Vaccinated?

SENATE COVID-19 COMMITTEE MEETS TODAY

STATE SENATE RECONVENES FOR THREE WEEK SESSION

New Service Simplifies COVID-19 Vaccination Registration Process For Kupuna

More People Are Eligible To Get Vaccinated In Hawaii

LEGISLATURE TO REOPEN JUNE 1; CAPITOL REMAINS CLOSED TO THE PUBLIC

THOUSANDS IN HAWAIʻI EXPECTED TO BENEFIT FROM EMERGENCY FOOD STAMPS, PANDEMIC SCHOOL MEAL PROGRAM

JUROR QUESTIONNAIRES BEING MAILED AUG 3

SENATE SPECIAL COMMITTEE CONVENES TOMORROW

Are You Fully Vaccinated?

SENATE REVIEWS LEGISLATIVE BUDGET

COVID-19 EMERGENCY AID PROGRAM FOR OAHU RESIDENTS

LEGISLATURE RECONVENING MAY 11

NEW TESTING SITES AVAILABLE

COVID-19 Vaccine Call Center For General Public & Health Providers

2021 SENATE LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM PRIORITIZES TEN UNITED NATIONS SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS

NEWS

Who is eligible to get the vaccine right now?

FREE COVID-19 AND ANTIBODY TESTING THIS WEEKEND

QUARANTINE AND SAFER-AT-HOME ORDER EXTENDED THROUGH JUNE 30

SINGERS, MUSICIANS ALLOWED BACK IN RESTAURANTS AND BARS

THE ALOHASAFE ALERT APP

COVID-19 AND ANTIBODY TESTING THIS WEEKEND

Tracking Hawaiiʻs progress: How are we doing as a state?

2021 Legislative Session

Hawaii Pacific Health

FIRST ROUND OF BUSINESSES SET TO OPEN

Vaccinations Expand to Hawaii Residents 60+ on Monday

THEATERS, GYMS, AND BARS GIVEN THE GREEN LIGHT TO OPEN JUNE 19

Updates on COVID-19 Vaccine

Department of Health expands mental health assistance in response to the ongoing pandemic

DOH TO PARTNER WITH PHARMACIES STATEWIDE TO PROVIDE COVID-19 VACCINE

OAHU MOVES TO TIER 3 OF REOPENING STRATEGY

SENATE SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON COVID-19 HOLDS MEETING TOMORROW

FREE TESTING TOMORROW

SENATE COVID-19 COMMITTEE MEETS TODAY TO DISCUSS REOPENING THE ECONOMY

FREE COVID TESTING IN KALIHI MAY 5

FREE COVID-19 TESTING THIS WEEKEND

Queen's Health Systems

HECO EXTENDS MORATORIUM ON SERVICE DISCONNECTIONS THROUGH JUNE 30

FREE MENTAL HEALTH SERVICES

CITY TO REOPEN CERTAIN BUSINESSES ON MAY 1

APPLY FOR CHILD CARE SERVICES

CITY FACILITIES THAT ARE OPEN

Are you eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Hawaii?

UPDATE - FILING FOR UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE

COVID-19 HARDSHIP RELIEF PROGRAM

LEGISLATURE ANNOUNCE PLAN TO USE CARES FUNDS

PUBLIC SCHOOLS REOPENING PUSHED TO AUG 17

SUPERINTENDENT SAYS SCHOOLS COULD REALISTICALLY REOPEN FULLY IN FALL 2021; SOME HIGH SCHOOLS CAN HOLD LIMITED IN-PERSON COMMENCEMENT CEREMONIES

FREE MODIFIED SUMMER FUN

Got Questions About The COVID-19 Vaccines

FLORISTS CAN OPEN ON MAY 1

 <tag> strong




Automated service providers

Approach to Job Creation:

Department of the Attorney General

Kaiser Permanente

Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

Chaminade University -

County of Kaua'i

DO NOT

Oahu

The partnering pharmacies throughout the state include: ElixRx Pharmacy, 5 Minute Pharmacy, Foodland Pharmacy, KTA Pharmacy, Pharmacare Hawaii, The Queen’s Medical Center Pharmacy, and Times Pharmacy. As of Friday, the DOH has administered more than 56,000 vaccines and has received 152,650 doses from Moderna and Pfizer-BioNTech combined.

Honolulu Police Department

Hawaii Pacific University -

Pacific International Space Center for Exploration Systems

*ALL VACCINES ADMINISTERED ARE BY APPOINTMENT ONLY*

Queen’s Health Systems

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency -

District 1 (Hawaiʻi Kai to McCully) -

State expands eligibility to more Phase 1c essential workers on Monday

Phase 1c:

Research & Economic Analysis

View Vaccine Registration Directory

I EXPECTED TO BENEFIT FROM EMERGENCY FOOD STAMPS, PANDEMIC SCHOOL MEAL PROGRAM

AlohaSafe Alert works in a simple 5-step process: download, diagnose, verify, notify and quarantine.

Business Development & Support Division

AlohaSafe Alert: Add your phone to fight against COVID-19

CVS/Longs Drugs

The State Capitol building will remain closed to the public at least through June 30, 2020

Learn More About Kū Makani FREE Mental Health Resources

Hawaii Executive Collaborative

County of Hawai'i

Board of Water Supply:

Attendance Limits:

Safety Protocols:

Who is eligible to get the vaccine and how do I sign-up?

1)Are the variants here in Hawai‘i?

Building Permit Applications:

Department of Health -

How to Register for the Vaccine

PRESCHOOL OPEN DOORS PROGRAM ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS

Office of Elections

Department of Planning and Permitting

District 2

THOUSANDS IN HAWAI

If you are in this vaccination group, please follow these instructions:

Food Service Program:

University of Hawaii – School of Nursing and Dental Hygiene -

Aloha Trace -

Dr. Libby Char

Download and Share Home Care Booklet

Mandatory 14-day quarantine for travelers, eviction moratorium also continue

Neighbor Islands: Maui, Kauai & Hawaii

EXHIBIT G,

Who is next in line for vaccinations?

New resource! Booklet helps you and your loved ones develop a COVID-19 care plan

Every1ne Hawaii -

Location:

District 3

The legislative branch will reopen beginning June 1, 2020

AGENDA

effective June 16

Public and private golf courses

5. Should I wear two masks?

long-term care facility residents

Longs Drugs pharmacies begin offering COVID-19 vaccinations daily

If you are a senior age 75 or older, you are now eligible to register for the COVID-19 vaccine.

View List of Vaccination Providers

District 2 (Makiki to ʻAiea) -

Department of Environmental Services:

Plan to Make Your Vaccination Appointment

kp.org/register

Public Transportation - TheBus and TheHandi-Van:

District 4 (Waialua to Waimānalo) -

Kū Makani crisis counseling hours:

Hawaii State Energy Office

Certain real estate services.

Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery & Resiliency Plan

appointment only.

Natural Energy Laboratory of Hawaii Authority

New service simplifies COVID-19 vaccination registration process for kūpuna

New and used car and truck dealerships

Vaccinations expand to Hawai‘i residents 60+ on Monday

Learn More About Variant Detection in Hawai‘i

indoor

Department of Human Resources Development

Department of Health, State Laboratories

Hawaii Quarantine Kapu Breakers

Department of Health

Mobile service providers

CVS cannot administer vaccinations to walk-in customers without an appointment.

2. Should I be concerned about this new U.K. variant?

County of Maui

SafePaths -

Department of the Attorney General -

GDP History, Outlook, and Potential Sector Growth:

Learn more about the Kūpuna Call Center

Airlines for America

Services provided on a one-one-one bases

Department of Transportation

Department of Transportation – Airports Division

Phase 1-B

TO FILE A CLAIM OR CHECK YOUR STATUS

Creative Industries Division

View Vaccine FAQs

**

Hawaii Tourism Authority

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 16, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 17, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

Registration:

https://www.cvs.com/immunizations/covid-19-vaccine

Phase 2:

PLEASE NOTE:

Clinic Hours of Operation:

3. Will the COVID-19 vaccines protect me from the variants?

Who is eligible to get the vaccine right now?

View the Latest Data on COVID-19 Cases and Vaccinations

Kathleen Merriam

District 3 (Pearlridge to Waiʻanae to Wahiawā) -

frontline essential workers

Locations:

Caroline Cadirao

View Hawaii's Vaccine Timeline and Who's Next in Line

Tracking Hawaiiʻs progress: How are we doing as a state?

Foreign Trade Zone Division

View 5 Things You Can Do to Avoid Vaccine Scams

Hawaii Pacific Health

Department of Parks and Recreation:

District 4

City and County of Honolulu

Neighborhood Board Commission:

Phase 1a:

Phase 1b:

Driver’s licensing and Satellite City Halls:

Department of Health expands mental health assistance in response to the ongoing pandemic

DOH TO PARTNER WITH PHARMACIES STATEWIDE TO PROVIDE COVID-19 VACCINE

District 1

View Fast Facts About the COVID-19 Vaccine

Summer Fun Sites 2020:

Veterans Affairs

View Directory of Vaccination Providers

98-1005 Moanalua Rd #400 Aiea, HI 96701

health care workers

Hawaii Agriculture Foundation

Download the essential workers vaccination toolkit

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency

ages 65 to 74

Department of Taxation

over the age of 75

4. What is the state doing to stop the spread?

SUPERINTENDENT SAYS SCHOOLS COULD REALISTICALLY REOPEN FULLY IN FALL 2021; SOME HIGH SCHOOLS CAN HOLD LIMITED IN-PERSON COMMENCEMENT CEREMONIES

Phase 1-A

Clinic Hours of Operation

Hawaii Technology Development Corporation

 <tag> p




Ala Pu‘umalu Community Park

Due to the pandemic, the State Capitol building remains closed to the public at this time.

Sen. Schatz reports that an estimated 33,000 people in Hawai‘i will benefit from the allotment.

Hau‘ula Community Park

Please visit the Kū Makani website and social media for details about the program, services, upcoming events and island-specific resources: https://www.kumakani.org

In addition, social distancing requirements remain in place across the state through the end of May.

Mr. Alan Oshima, Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery and Resiliency Navigator

2:30 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

As we look forward to the freedom that lower numbers and more vaccinations promise, we must all show our spirit of kīnā‘ole. Doing the right thing, in the right way, in the right place, for the right reason, with the right feeling! This spirit of kīnā‘ole has contributed to Hawaii’s hopeful trends, so let’s continue to maintain safe physical distancing and wear our face masks, and not become complacent.

County of Kaua'i

Mr. Dennis Ling, Administrator

The Hawai‘i State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 sent letters to Hawai‘i Supreme Court Chief Justice Mark Recktenwald and Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell expressing concerns about the enforcement of the travel quarantine orders put into effect by Governor David Ige.

1)Are the variants here in Hawai‘i? Multiple variants that cause COVID-19 are circulating globally, and two variants have been detected in Hawai‘i. Specimens from four people in Hawai‘i contained a molecular “clue” associated with the U.K. variant. While scientists are working to learn more about how widely these new variants have spread, Hawai‘i residents and visitors should act as if the variants are already circulating in our state. 2. Should I be concerned about this new U.K. variant? “It’s cause for concern but not panic,” says Dr. Sarah Kemble, acting state epidemiologist. The U.K. variant spreads more easily and quickly than other variants, which may lead to more cases of COVID-19. State labs are collecting samples from patients across all islands to proactively get a head start. 3. Will the COVID-19 vaccines protect me from the variants? So far, studies suggest that antibodies your body has or will develop through vaccination recognize these variants. This is good news about the effectiveness of the vaccine. Close investigation and more studies are underway. 4. What is the state doing to stop the spread? Vaccinations statewide are underway. As of Thursday, 189,446 doses have been administered. Because some variants are highly contagious, they will affect how many people in Hawai‘i will need to get the vaccine to stop or slow it in its tracks. When it’s your turn to get a shot, don’t hesitate. This has become a race between the virus and the vaccine. 5. Should I wear two masks? It’s recommended that masks have two or more layers, which can be achieved by doubling masks. If you do choose to double mask, make sure the masks cover your mouth and nose and that you can breathe comfortably through them. As our state awaits receiving more vaccine supply for our kūpuna and essential workers, it is more important than ever to rigorously follow safe practices, including wearing a face mask, physical distancing, hand hygiene, gathering safely, and isolation and quarantine. Small actions will make a big difference in limiting the spread of the virus and protecting our communities.

Senate President Ronald D. Kouchi, State House Speaker Scott K. Saiki, Senator Donovan M. Dela Cruz, and Representative Sylvia Luke announced the Legislature’s comprehensive plan to use $635 million in federal CARES Act funds to provide ongoing, immediate relief to residents and small businesses who are suffering from the devastating economic shutdown caused by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. The plan aims to support and reinforce the social safety net for our residents, rebuild and move our economy forward, and address the ongoing pandemic.

Pacific International Space Center for Exploration Systems

Finally, Wednesdays are for P through Z.

Sunset Beach Recreation Center

Hawaiian Electric has suspended service disconnections for nonpayment through June 30 to ensure customers’ electricity needs are met as stay-at-home orders are extended due to the coronavirus pandemic.

O‘ahu kūpuna who donʻt feel comfortable with the online registration process can now call AUW's 2-1-1 hotline to receive help scheduling a COVID-19 vaccination appointment. Kūpuna age 65 and above may call the hotline 7 a.m.-10 p.m. seven days a week. Language translation is available. AUW's team of trained specialists will take basic information from callers and then St. Francis Healthcare System will call back to walk kūpuna through the registration process. Transportation to the vaccination site is also available for eligible individuals.“Kūpuna make up a significant percentage of our state’s total population, and the Executive Office on Aging and our Policy Advisory Board on Elderly Affairs have been tireless advocates of vaccination access for our kūpuna,” said Caroline Cadirao, Director of the state’s Executive Office on Aging. “We’ve listened to concerns and insights from the community, leveraged the expertise of our partners, and came up with this solution. It speaks to the power of collaboration.” The call center is a collaborative effort by the State of Hawai‘i Executive Office on Aging, City and County of Honolulu's Elderly Affairs Division, Aloha United Way and St. Francis Healthcare System.

Accommodations are available upon request to persons with disabilities. Please call (808) 768-3003 or send an email to parks@honolulu.gov at least five days prior to the event.

Research & Economic Analysis

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be streamed live online at olelo.org/49.

Appointments for in-office visits to satellite city halls will be available starting June 29. To make an online appointment, visit www.alohaq.org

The following lists describe the population groups of each allocation phase:

The City opened online appointments for residents whose Hawai‘i driver licenses or state identification cards expire this year in March, April, May, June and July. This is after the state announced its intent to allow licenses and identification cards that expire between March 16 and June 30 to remain valid through Sept. 30.

Business Development & Support Division

For patrons who placed their holds during the closure, their item(s) are ready for pick up after the patron schedules a Library Take Out appointment time to pick up their item(s).

Oahu beaches opened over the weekend, May 16, for activities based on approved guidelines issued by the City and County of Honolulu. In addition to those activities already allowed (e.g., ocean access and exercise), beaches or sand bars within the City may also be utilized with the following restrictions: a. All groups are limited to members of the same household or living unit. b. No group can exceed ten persons. c. All persons using the beach, who are not part of members of the same household or living unit, shall comply with Social Distancing Requirements, provided that a caregiver may accompany a dependent. d. The beach or sand area may only be used one-half hour before sunrise to one-half hour after sunset, unless the person is engaged in shore fishing or permitted outdoor exercise. e. All other State of Hawaiʻi or City restrictions related to COVID-19 must be followed, including, but not limited to, any applicable quarantine restrictions. If you have any questions on Mayor Caldwell’s Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order 2.0, as amended, visit the website, oneoahu.org to find answers to some frequently asked questions. If you still do not find an answer to your question on the site, O‘ahu residents can call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov. The City and County of Honolulu COVID-19 information call center remains open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on holidays.

An online tutorial is available to assist the public with creating their account and profile. Click here to view it.

Hawaii will soon be opening COVID-19 vaccinations to those age 70+ as the state receives more doses of the vaccine. Currently, kupuna age 75+ are eligible to get vaccinated. The Hawaii State Department of Health will announce when vaccination sites begin to accept registrations for this next group of people age 70+. For the latest info on vaccine registration: https://hawaiicovid19.com/vaccination-registration/

County of Hawai'i

For the first time, Kishimoto offered more details on what that timeline looks like, saying public schools in Hawaii won’t reopen fully to in-person instruction before the fall.

Kahalu‘u Community Park

Procedures for written and road driving-test applications are being reviewed and will be announced at a later time.

Kāne‘ohe Community & Senior Center

The Hawaii State Public Library System announced its statewide launch of Library Take Out at 47 of our 51 public libraries. Starting Tuesday, May 26th, library patrons may now schedule a Library Take Out appointment time to pick up their hold item(s) at their favorite library.

The modified Summer Fun Program will be offered on weekdays, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. from Wednesday July, 1 through Tuesday, July 28 (excluding the holiday on Friday, July 3).

Pacific Palisades Community Park

Gov. David Ige signed a 6th supplementary emergency proclamation extending the stay-at-home order across the state through May 31.

Also included in the amended Ho‘oulu i Honolulu 3.0, a replacement of Order 3 relating to indoor and outdoor gatherings. Effective immediately, outdoor gatherings of up to ten individuals are permitted as long as physical distancing is maintained between the groups of up to ten individuals to the extent possible. Outdoor events involving a total of 100 individuals or more are still prohibited.

If you require special assistance, please call 586-6800 or email your request to waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov.

Modifications to the timetable include:

The eviction moratorium, which prevents any eviction from a residential dwelling for failure to pay rent, also remains in effect through May 31.

Click here to view more information, including school sites and pick-up times.

Chaminade University - Dr. Lynn Babington, President

The Special Committee will reconvene tomorrow to hear from the following departments and organizations:

Legislative Timetable: Both the Senate and House have agreed on a modified timetable that has the legislative session convening on January 20, 2021 and adjourning sine die on April 29, 2021.

The Hawai‘i Department of Health is partnering with a number of pharmacies to conduct drive-through vaccination events or in-home vaccinations.

Eligibility will be based on current and projected vaccination numbers, appointment availability--and most importantly--the amount of vaccine allocated and available.

The letter to Mayor Caldwell lists the actions taken by the Hawai‘i Department of Transportation to screen and verify passenger information and require compliance with the state’s quarantine orders, but says that the public is consistently reporting “travelers blatantly violating” the quarantine.

Participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations.

For more information on the Aloha Safe Travels app, go to https://www.wearealohasafe.org.

Temperature checks will continue at airports across the state. Anyone with a temperature higher than 100.4 degrees or who is experiencing other symptoms will be required to undergo a secondary screening at the airport with trained healthcare staff.

District 3

Hō‘ae‘ae Community Park

Retail establishments should meet the following guidelines:

View List of Vaccination Providers

Testing for regular PCR (nose swab) will be conducted as it has been done previously. If one desires this testing, the attending doctor will determine who should be tested. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head here. Testing will be offered without charge for those without insurance.

Walk-in-and-wait transactions will not be offered. The public can continue to do express payment services, such as water bill payments and annual vehicle registration renewals, via online, mail-in or by 24/7 kiosk options.

This would free up appointment slots for transactions that can more efficiently be completed in-person, such as applying for a disability-parking permit, junking a vehicle or performing complicated motor vehicle transactions related to a lost title or difficult registrations.

Kāne‘ohe District Park

Plan to Make Your Vaccination Appointment

The special committee will convene to assess and advise the Senate regarding the State of Hawaii's COVID-19 plans and procedures for reopening the economy and the plans for economic recovery.

In 2020, the Coronavirus 19 (COVID-19) pandemic heightened these development goals, by shedding light on key areas that must be addressed to further our sustainable development goals and create a more sustainable Hawaii. The Sustainable Development Goals the State Senate are prioritizing are:

Kalākaua District Park

Ms. Angela Keen

Learn More About Variant Detection in Hawai‘i

You probably donʻt need an expert to tell you that the COVID-19 pandemic is taking a toll on our individual and collective mental health. Even for those of us lucky enough not to be touched by the actual virus, the impact on our daily lives is stressful at best. And for many facing unemployment and financial, work or family distress, it can be devastating. Some experts predict the mental health repercussions will last long after the virus is under control. Hawai‘i is staying ahead of the curve by ramping up counseling and an array of services to help residents experiencing anxiety, depression, panic or just feeling overwhelmed as the pandemic reaches the one-year milestone this month. Thatʻs the motivation and mission behind the Department of Health’s new program “Kū Makani—The Hawai‘i Resiliency Project.” This service launched in January and offers dedicated crisis counseling to callers facing emotional fallout related to the COVID-19 pandemic. There are also virtual events for individuals and groups of all ages as well as island-specific resources and referrals. “It is normal to experience difficulty with adapting to the new challenges of managing work, school, family, or home due to COVID-19, to feel isolated or anxious, or to worry about meeting basic needs like having enough food or access to healthcare,” says Kathleen Merriam, Team Leader for Kū Makani. “If you or someone you love needs support, don’t be afraid to reach out.” Kū Makani is named for the Hawaiian plant ʻaʻaliʻi kū makani—which grows well in strong winds, reflecting a spirit of resilience in challenging circumstances. The program was made possible through a partnership with CARE Hawaii, Inc. and funded by a $2 million federal government grant from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA).

Are You Fully Vaccinated?

12:30 p.m. Airlines for America

Hawaii Quarantine Kapu Breakers

The committee will be meeting with the following to discuss enforcement of the 14-day quarantine and stay-at-home orders:

The Special Committee on COVID-19 will meet tomorrow with the following:

Certain designated businesses and operations in the City and County of Honolulu will be allowed to re-open on May 15, by following specific guidelines as detailed Emergency Order No. 2020-10. The Amended and Restated Stay at Home/Work from Home Order, now under the new name “Ho‘oulu i Honolulu” or “Restore Honolulu” Order, incorporates all prior Emergency Orders, including the wearing of non-medical grade face coverings, social distancing requirements, and the limited opening of City parks.

Effective Friday, June 19, indoor gatherings of up to ten individuals (regardless of household or living unit affiliation) would be allowed to resume on O‘ahu. Indoor events involving over 50 individuals are still prohibited.

Pālolo Valley District Park

GDP History, Outlook, and Potential Sector Growth:

If you miss your day, don’t worry, Thursdays through Sundays are open.

94-1480 Moaniani St, Waipahu

DPR is privileged to participate in the Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) in conjunction with Summer Fun.

1010 Pensacola St, Honolulu

For the other eight satellite city halls on O‘ahu, precautions are in place to ensure the safety of customers and employees, who will be required to wear facial coverings and remain six-feet apart from others during all in-office transactions.

Department of Transportation

Today the Hawai‘i Department of Health announced the state will extend COVID-19 vaccine eligibility to people age 60 and older beginning Monday, March 29.

Ala Wai Community Park

In the past two months, about 12.5% of Hawai‘i residents have received their first dose of a COVID-19 vaccine. We are making progress in administering the vaccinations to high-risk and top-priority groups. To date, slightly more than half, or 55%, of kūpuna age 75 and above have been vaccinated with at least one dose. Unfortunately, severe winter storms on the continental U.S. are affecting shipments to our islands this week and some appointments had to be postponed. We will keep distributing vaccines as soon as we get them--to reach as many Hawai‘i residents as possible as quickly as possible.

Kamehameha Community Park

Phase 2:

The COVID-19 vaccine is now available at the Neal Blaisdell Concert Hall for adults 75 years of age and older. Vaccinations are by appointment only.

‘Ewa Mahiko District Park

The City and County of Honolulu is pleased to announce it is supporting more drive-thru COVID-19 testing this week.

View the Latest Data on COVID-19 Cases and Vaccinations

The City and County of Honolulu announced that it has reopened its online appointment system for driver license and state identification card services.

Below are those online registration dates and procedures which are determined by geographic park district. All dates and times are Hawai‘i Standard Time:

Customers should NOT worry about their power being shut off due to nonpayment through the end of June, and any threat of immediate disconnection unless payment is made received before June 30 should be treated as a scam. Customers experiencing financial hardship because of the pandemic are urged to contact Hawaiian Electric to discuss payment arrangements and options.

Addressing the public health needs of the COVID-19 pandemic is another pillar to the comprehensive funding plan. “The Legislature’s plan devotes $100 million to distribute ample sanitation and PPE supplies for essential workers beyond the health care community including child care facilities, elderly care homes, small businesses, schools, and non-profits that work with populations vulnerable to the coronavirus,” said Senate President Ronald Kouchi.

Tracking Hawaiiʻs progress: How are we doing as a state?

Safety Protocols: The Senate is reinforcing pre-existing protocols and implementing several new measures to prevent and mitigate the spread of COVID-19 while maintaining an open and transparent legislative process.

Kaiser Permanente members must schedule an appointment through an e-Visit. For more information, please visit https://healthy.kaiserpermanente.org/hawaii/health-wellness/coronavirus-information/covid-vaccine . If you’re unable to schedule your appointment online, call (808) 432-2000 (TTY 711), Mon – Fri, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

The Senate's primary budgetary focus will be on deploying the existing federal CARES Act money,” said Senate President Kouchi.

Dr. Bruce Anderson, Director

Satellite city halls across O‘ahu will start reopening July 1 for regular in-office service on an appointment-only basis.

Kaiser Waipio Medical Office

Those whose last name starts with H through O should file on Tuesdays.

1:30 p.m.

Parking: No charge. Enter from King St. into Blaisdell Parking Lot. ADA accommodations available.

Tomorrow, May 8, Kalihi Kai Urgent Care will conduct testing at ʻEwa Beach Community Park. Testing will be from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.

‘Aiea District Park

Antibody testing determines whether a patient was exposed to COVID-19 and now has antibodies against the virus; it is not used to determine whether someone currently has the disease. The test also does not tell you whether or not you may be susceptible to getting COVID-19 again. Patients should discuss results with their healthcare provider to understand what the results mean for them.

Mākaha Community Park

The Hawai‘i State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 will hold a meeting beginning at 1 p.m. today, live on ‘Ōlelo channel 49 on O‘ahu and http://olelo.org/49. The State Capitol remains closed to the public.

Download the essential workers vaccination toolkit

Phase 2 similarly applies to the outdoor team sports included in Phase 1, but incorporates competitive team play.

2021-25-02-Commencement and Transition Ceremony Guidelines for School Year 2020-21.pdf (hawaiipublicschools.org)

DATE: Wednesday, August 19, 2020 TIME: 1:30 p.m. PLACE: Conference Room 211 THE STATE CAPITOL IS CLOSED TO THE PUBLIC DURING THE ONGOING COVID-19 EPIDEMIC A live stream of all Senate Standing Committee meetings will be available online. Selected hearings will also be broadcast live on ‘Ōlelo Community Media. AGENDA 1:30 p.m. Department of Human Resources Development (ZOOM) Mr. Ryker Wada, Director 2:00 p.m. Hawaii Emergency Management Agency (ZOOM) Major General Kenneth Hara, Incident Commander 3:00 p.m. Department of Education (ZOOM) [HARD STOP @ 4pm] Dr. Christina Kishimoto, Superintendent 4:00 p.m. Department of Health - Behavioral Health Services Administration (ZOOM) Mr. Edward Mersereau, Deputy Director No public testimony will be accepted. If you require other auxiliary aids or services to participate in the public hearing process (i.e., interpretive services (oral or written) or ASL interpreter), please contact the committee clerk at least 24 hours prior to the hearing so that arrangements can be made. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION, PLEASE CALL THE COMMITTEE CLERK AT (808) 586-6800.

The 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation, EXHIBIT G, lists the businesses/operations designated for re-opening, and outlines specific safety guidelines for each. It also includes county-specific requirements. For example, retail businesses on Oʻahu may not open until May 15, 2020, and Maui County will not allow retail, most repair shops and malls to reopen at this time.

Are you eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Hawaii?

The special committee will be meeting with the following:

Wahiawā District Park

Gov. Ige has approved Mayor Kirk Caldwell’s proposal to allow singing and/or playing of wind instruments at indoor and outdoor restaurants/bars, with some restrictions.

In order to balance the childcare needs of our island community with the safety guidelines established due to COVID-19, there will be significant changes to the number of keiki that our facilities and staff can accommodate, the activities offered, and overall program procedures:

Over 34,000 households are expected to receive help from the plan’s $100 million funded rental and housing assistance subsidies. The State’s most financially vulnerable households will receive rental assistance in the form of a $500 monthly subsidy or 50% of rent, whichever is lesser, for up to five months from August 1 to December 31.

Some changes include:

Throughout the 2021 Legislative Session, all Senate proceedings will be live-streamed on the Hawai‘i State Senate's YouTube page. In addition to the live streams, the Senate will continue working with public access television providers on all islands to broadcast Senate committee hearings and floor sessions. Members will be given the option to participate in all proceedings either in-person or remotely via videoconference. The public will have the opportunity to provide testimony in writing and via videoconference through the Legislature's website, allowing broader participation for those who previously were unable to get to the State Capitol.

The public is reminded that the parking lot at the Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be closed to the public until 3 p.m. to allow for breakdown of testing tents and clearing of cones and barriers. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Vaccine eligibility on all islands will expand Monday, April 5 to include essential workers in construction, banking and finance, communications, media, retail, information technology, clergy, and transportation and logistics.

Gov. Ige issued the initial emergency proclamation for COVID-19 on Mar. 4, 2020 followed by:

Crestview Community Park

Wai‘anae District Park

Hawaii Pacific Health is administering vaccines at the Pier 2 Cruise Terminal, located at 521 Ala Moana Blvd, Honolulu. As of today, February 25, 2021, all Oahu appointments are full. Additional appointments will be added as more vaccine becomes available. Please check https://www.hawaiipacifichealth.org/hph-covid-19-updates/vaccine-update/

Florists statewide will be allowed to deliver flowers starting this Friday. Gov. Ige has given permission for florists to get back to business May 1, this after the governor himself revoked just two days ago a special exemption florists got for a 10-day window around Mother’s Day.

Kaiser Permanente

Waialua District Park

The stay-at-home order means residents may leave their homes only for various essential needs, including healthcare, purchasing food, medicine, gasoline, taking care of the elderly, minors, or those with disabilities, returning to a place of residence outside of Hawai‘i, picking up educational materials for distance learning, receiving meals or other related services. Outdoor exercise is also permitted – including swimming, surfing and walking pets.

The DOE has created guidelines to set limits on the number of people who can greet graduates and where the celebrations can take place.

The emergency proclamation lifts the quarantine requirement for inter-island travelers effective 12:01 a.m. on June 16, 2020. However, it also leaves in place the quarantine requirement for out-of-state travelers. The governor has the authority to make exemptions for transit corridors/bubbles.

The Senate floor session will convene at 11:30 a.m. on Monday, June 22, with hearings getting underway that morning. The session is scheduled to adjourn on Friday, July 10. The new legislative timetable is available here: https://www.capitol.hawaii.gov/docs/2020calendar.pdf

All Residents 16+ Are Becoming Eligible April 19

Phase 1-B: Began in December and is expected to be completed in May, focuses on those over the age of 75 not included in phase 1-A and frontline essential workers. The list of frontline essential workers includes:

The State Capitol building will remain closed to the public at least through June 30, 2020. Entry into the building will continue to be limited through the main double glass doors on the basement level from 7:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., and the National Guard will continue temperature screening everyone entering the building. Entry will be limited to employees and authorized guests. For more details, please read the memo dated May 22, 2020, from the Comptroller: Revised - Capitol Security Access Procedures

The Hawai‘i State Senate Committee on Ways and Means today deferred pay raises for legislators and state officials this year that had been recommended by the Salary Commission prior to the COVID-19 pandemic.

In addition, running, jogging or walking on the beach will be permitted, as long as social distancing requirements are observed.

Mānana Community Park

For more information, please visit their website at librarieshawaii.org.

1. Patrons go to HSPLS Library Catalog and place a hold on any item(s) they want to borrow, or they may call their favorite library branch to place a hold with our staff.

Our Public Health Nurses aren’t able to visit every home with a COVID-19 patient. So they looked for another way to deliver the detailed information these patients and caregivers need. They brought this dilemma to state and community partners and brainstormed the best way to help. The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency (Emergency Support Function) ESF-8, Community Care/Outreach Unit team conducted extensive statewide surveys of residents and families, as well as health and social service providers, about their needs and concerns during this pandemic.

This year registration will be conducted primarily online thanks to new software developed by the Honolulu Department of Information Technology. The software is called Parks and Recreation Online System, or PROS, and works best using the Google Chrome web browser.

Starting today, more people are eligible to get vaccinated in Hawaii. People age 65 and older, individuals with high-risk medical conditions, as well as essential workers listed in phase 1C, now qualify to get the vaccine, though there will be an emphasis on certain groups. You can read more about that here, as well as register to get vaccinated: https://hawaiicovid19.com/vaccination-registration/

District 3 (Pearlridge to Waiʻanae to Wahiawā) - ph. (808) 768-6889

Online Registration begins Saturday, June 20 at 9 a.m.

All in-office transactions will be served on an appointment-only basis. Masks or face coverings are required during in-office visits.

12:00 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

Moanalua Community Park

Ms. Susan Ballard, Chief of Police

Members of the Hawaii Executive Collaborative will present on a tourism recovery plan to create a task force to establish a travel bubble corridor. The corridor is for travel by two regions, both of which contained the virus, and who agree to a quarantine-free travel zone.

The state Department of Transportation will require thermal screening at the airport for everyone traveling inter-island. HDOT will also require travelers to fill out a new form that will now also ask for health-related information to assist the state in tracking and responding to new COVID-19 cases.

The changes are related to:

AlohaSafe Alert works in a simple 5-step process: download, diagnose, verify, notify and quarantine. When you download the app, your phone will send random IDs out to other users with the app. If you test positive and anonymously share your diagnosis to the app, it will let others know instantly of exposure without any of your personal information at all. Let’s all work together to slow the spread of the virus and keep our community safe.

Please use this toolkit to help our community build confidence in COVID-19 vaccination. This information will help you and your workers stay educated and informed, as well as know what to expect when it's your turn to receive the vaccine. Essential workers can now register for an appointment at vaccination sites throughout the state.

Ms. Clare Connors, Attorney General

CVS/Longs Drugs

The Executive Office on Early Learning is working closely with the Department of Human Services and other agencies and stakeholders to coordinate early childhood care during the COVID-19 crisis. The departments have announced subsidy changes to its assistance program for families and providers and are encouraging more families to apply. Get more information about applying to Child Care Connection Hawai‘i online by clicking on this link - bit.ly/ApplyCCCH.

This software utilizes the same HNL.Info log-in that many O‘ahu residents already possess. We encourage the public to create an HNL.Info account and a PROS profile ahead of registration by visiting: https://pros.hnl.info.

Every1ne Hawaii - Mr. Robert Kurisu, Co-Founder

The amended bill notes that in expectation of an economic downturn due to COVID-19, “the State Council on Revenues lowered its fiscal year 2021 forecast from four per cent to zero per cent, meaning that the State will have about $225,000,000 less in revenues than expected.”

11:30 a.m. - Department of Taxation, Ms. Rona Suzuki, Director

3:30 p.m. Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

Test participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Out-of-state travelers arriving in Hawai‘i must get a PCR test prior to arrival from any testing location approved by the Hawai‘i State Department of Health. Evidence of a negative test result must be provided upon arrival in Hawai‘i. Without this, passengers arriving from out-of-state will be subject to the 14-day quarantine. No testing will be provided upon arrival at the airport.

The plan sets aside $230 million to support unemployed residents until the end of the year. “These critical funds will provide a new state unemployment insurance weekly benefit that replaces the weekly federal plus-up payments set to expire July 31,” explained Senator Dela Cruz, Chair of the Senate Ways and Means Committee. “Beginning August 1, an estimated 117,000 unemployed individuals will receive the State’s enhanced weekly unemployment benefit of $100.”

⚠️ You never have to pay to get your name on a vaccination list. ⚠️ You can’t pay to “jump the line” and get earlier access to the vaccine. ⚠️ No legitimate vaccine provider will call and ask for your Social Security, bank account or credit card number. Do not answer a call from an unknown number or from an unfamiliar location. If in doubt, hang up and report the call to SMP Hawaii at (808) 586-7281, or visit www.smphawaii.org to learn about recent scams. For more info https://hawaiicovid19.com/vaccinebeware/

Oahu (808) 832-3100 Neighbor Islands: Maui, Kauai & Hawaii 1 (800) 753-6879 Kū Makani crisis counseling hours: 4:00 p.m. - 9:00 p.m. Monday-Friday 9:00a.m. – 9:00 p.m. Saturday & Sunday

According to the Department of Health, the state is expected bring up its total amount of doses received to over 80,000 doses.

PRESCHOOL OPEN DOORS PROGRAM ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS

Mānoa Valley District Park

District 2

If you are in this vaccination group, please follow these instructions:

Mayor Caldwell’s proposal includes the Friday, May 29th resumption of operations with modifications for “personal service providers” including:

Food Service Program:

4. Anyone with unexplained respiratory illness since January 2020 who were never tested for COVID-19

Please note that there may be committee members or invited speakers participating remotely via video or teleconference.

Whitmore Community Park

The Hawaii State Legislature will reconvene next Monday, May 11th. This reconvened session is expected to be about 6-10 days to address state budget issues and for the Senate to take up confirmation hearings for various state boards and commissions. The Ways and Means and Finance Committees will need to consider an estimated $1 billion in budget cuts from the $8 billion general fund budget, while minimizing cuts to social services or pay cuts or furloughs. All meetings and hearings will be broadcast live on Olelo; however, the public will not be able to attend, and written testimony will be excepted via submission.

Antibody Testing will be through actual blood draw. Licensed practitioners will be on site to conduct this test, and the samples are sent to local labs for analysis and reporting. The testing will be free if covered by the patient’s insurance, but a charge of $40 will be made to each patient without insurance by local labs who will bill the patients. Those only taking part in the Antibody Testing will not need to self-quarantine. The following categories of individuals are encouraged to be tested by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi:

Download and Share Home Care Booklet

The bill defers all salary increases slated for this fiscal year for members of the legislature, the governor, lieutenant governor, justices and judges of all state courts, administrative director of the State or an equivalent position, and department heads or executive officers and the deputies or assistants to the department heads or executive officers of the departments.

Kauluwela Community Park

Mr. Ross Higashi, Deputy Director

Gov. Ige signed a 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation that authorizes the first group of businesses to re-open since the COVID-19 pandemic forced the temporary closure of non-essential businesses across the state on Mar. 25.

2. Healthcare Workers and First Responders

New resource! Booklet helps you and your loved ones develop a COVID-19 care plan

Anderson said he is optimistic the process will go well. He said the hospital is expecting another tray next week that is specifically allocated for second doses.

The Hawai‘i State Senate is scheduled to resume its 2020 session June 22 to July 10. Committees will be considering a limited number of critical bills that were put on hold when the Senate was forced to recess in mid-March due to COVID-19. The Senate will also be allocating additional federal funding from the CARES Act.

Kahala Community Park

The Legislature is currently in recess, pursuant to S.C.R. No. 244.

Ms. Jade Fountain-Tanigawa, County Clerk

Gov. David Ige signed a ninth supplementary emergency proclamation that extends the COVID-19 emergency period through July 31.

Letter to Mayor Caldwell

The City and County of Honolulu COVID-19 information call center remains open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on holidays. O‘ahu residents are encouraged to visit the website, oneoahu.org to get answers to frequently asked questions about Mayor Caldwell’s “Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order”. If they do not find an answer to their questions on the site, residents can call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov.

She says summer classes could also be held in-person. Additionally, the state Department of Education announced on February 25 that limited, in-person commencements can be held this year.

As vaccines become more widely available, the Hawaii Department of Health (HDOH) has suggested moving towards the second allocation phase for the COVID-19 vaccine. This means that the following Phase 1b essential workers will be given initial priority at this time:

Driver’s licensing and Satellite City Halls: All six of the driver licensing centers in the City and County of Honolulu are open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. The online appointment system for appoints for driver licenses and state identification services can be accessed at alohaq.org. The system has been revised to serve the greatest needs first. For assistance with making an appointment, call: (808) 768-4177. Masks or face coverings are required during all in-office visits. For more information, visit honolulu.gov.csd. The Kapahulu Vehicle Reconstruction Inspection Station in the City and County of Honolulu is open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. For assistance, call: (808) 768-4325.

The annual Hawaii State Judiciary juror questionnaires will soon be mailed to individuals who have a Hawaii state driver’s license or are registered to vote in Hawaii. Beginning August 3, approximately 235,000 juror questionnaires will be mailed to 85,000 residents on Oahu, 55,000 in Maui County, 70,000 on Hawaii Island, and 25,000 on Kauai. They are used to help select potential jurors who may be eligible to serve in 2021. Individuals are selected at random. Anyone receiving a questionnaire has 10 days to complete and return it to the Jury Pool Office in the envelope provided. Those who fail to respond may be penalized. To be eligible to serve as a juror, you must be at least 18 years old, a citizen of the United States, a resident of Hawaii, and able to read and understand English. The Hawaii State Department of Health is in varying stages of reviewing and approving the circuit courts’ health-and-safety plans to resume jury selection and jury trials. The plan includes touchless temperature scans and CDC-recommended screening questions before entering a courthouse; required face coverings; enforced social distancing measures; and increased cleaning and disinfecting of our facilities.

Clinic Hours of Operation : 8:00 am – 6:30 pm The line is open Monday – Friday, 7:30 am – 5 pm Closed Tuesday

New service simplifies COVID-19 vaccination registration process for kūpuna

The committee asked that he consider the public’s safety and issue a directive to judges to require bail prior to release and conditions such as ankle bracelets for quarantine violators.

3. Front line tourism industry workers with direct exposure to visitors

Mr. Jade Butay, Director

Neighborhood Board Commission: Neighborhood boards will resume public meetings beginning June 1. Physical distancing requirements are followed. For meeting information, please contact the NCO at 768-3710, email nco@honolulu.gov, or visit the office’s website at honolulu.gov/nco.

Under the CARES Act, Hawai'i has been given a total of $862,823,978 to support the State and smaller Counties. A separate allocation of $387,176,021 was provided to the City & County of Honolulu. The Senate has proposed allocating the funds in a responsible, prudent and conservative expenditure approach to meet both statewide and county needs. Below are some highlights. $175 million to support the various counties;

County of Maui

City and County of Honolulu’s proposal to Governor David Ige has been approved to allow for the safe reopening of the following designated business and operations with limitations as outlined in the replacement Exhibit A of the Emergency Order No. 2020-15 (Amendment to Ho‘oulu i Honolulu 3.0), effective Friday, June 19:

To report a possible self-quarantine violation, contact your county police department at 911. The police have access to all data pertaining to airport arrivals.

City and County of Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell announced a new emergency aid program for Oahu residents. Individuals under financial hardship will be eligible for up to $1,000 for basic needs such as rent and utilities, and up to an additional $500 for basic childcare. The program will begin on May 18.

1. Previous COVID-19 positive individuals and their families and close contacts

Leaders of the Hawaii State Teachers Association, Hawaii Government Employees Association, and United Public Workers agreed with a revised Hawaiʻi State Department of Education recommendation to the school board that will adjust the 2020–21 school year calendar, and start students later - from the original August 4 date to August 17. The deal will need the approval of the Hawaiʻi Board Of Education, which will hold a special meeting this Thursday, July 30, at 1 p.m. Ten-month DOE employees will still report to work as planned on Wednesday, July 29. According to HSTA, the agreement would give educators nine (9) additional days of training and preparation time on top of the regularly scheduled two (2) administration days and two (2) teacher preparation days between July 29 and Aug. 3. The extra time “would allow for training, planning, and preparation for the safe return of students to classrooms.” News of the agreement was shared by the unions to its membership, and a statement from Superintendent Dr. Christina Kishimoto was also posted to the DOE website. “HIDOE leadership has been working with the unions throughout the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure our students get the education they deserve and our employees have a safe work environment,” Dr. Kishimoto said. “We have continued these conversations and reached a conditional agreement today to propose a delayed start for students to accommodate concerns regarding employee training.” “Throughout our discussions, we were mindful that any adjustments to the calendar must focus on educating and supporting students,” Kishimoto said. “We also acknowledge the voice of our families, partners and employees who are not represented by the unions yet are impacted by this decision.” “We will use this time to prepare at yet another level, but I recognize this comes at a cost for public school parents and our students,” the Superintendent concluded. “My expectation is that if the Board approves the two week delay, that our labor partners will do an aggressive push to their members to be at schoolhouse doors on day one for our students.”

Mr. Glen Takahashi, City Clerk

12:45p.m. Department of the Attorney General - Ms. Clare Connors, Attorney General

Testing is being done from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. today, April 22 at The Church of Jesus Christ of the Latter-Day Saints in Wahiawā. Testing will be made available to those without insurance as well. For more information on this testing, please call Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Testimony will be provided by Hawaii Executive Collaborative members Paul Yonamine, Duane Kurisu, and Lori Teranishi. Please note that there may be committee members or invited speakers participating remotely via video or teleconference.

Do you have questions about the COVID-19 vaccines? Learning more about vaccines is an important step to protect our community. Stay updated with the latest information on the COVID-19 vaccines at http://hsalinks.com/3cDLQzT.

**Phase 1-C: Is scheduled to begin in March and run through May, focusing on those ages 65 to 74, as well as those with chronic diseases and essential workers not previously included in Phase 1-A or 1-B. Please check https://hawaiicovid19.com/vaccine/ or https://www.oneoahu.org/vaccine for updates on when this group will be eligible to register for the vaccine.

Department of Transportation – Airports Division

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. The meeting will also be livestreaming on olelo.org/49.

The COVID-19 vaccine is now available at vaccination clinics at Honolulu and Waipio Medical Offices, only for Kaiser Permanente members 75 years of age and older. Vaccinations are by appointment only.

Waipahū District Park

To learn more about #AlohaSafeAlert app, visit alohasafealert.org.

The AlohaSafe Alert app was developed in partnership with the state Department of Health (DOH), aio Digital, Hawai‘i Executive Collaborative and Every1ne Hawaiʻi, to reduce the spread of COVID-19 by notifying users if they have been potentially exposed to the virus.

Kalama Beach Park

Test participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them.

The 2020 Summer Fun Program will not require any fees or payment on the part of the participating families. In the past, Summer Fun registration was done in-person as a result of these prior payments. This resulted in eager parents waiting for hours, sometimes days, at various park locations to secure a spot for their keiki.

https://www.cvs.com/immunizations/covid-19-vaccine

District 2 (Makiki to ʻAiea) - ph. (808) 768-9292

This is also a wonderful resource for any and everyone wanting to learn more about COVID prevention and best practices, such as mask hygiene, recognizing symptoms and contact tracing. Download the Home Care for Persons with COVID-19 booklet or find it under Guidance Documents on HawaiiCOVID19.com/resources/#guidance-documents.

No public testimony will be accepted.

Locations:

O‘ahu residents with a hardship or special need outside these parameters can call (808) 768-4177 for assistance.

Clinic Hours of Operation: Monday - Friday 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. Closed 12 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Saturday 8 a.m. to noon Closed Sunday

The City’s COVID-19 information call center remains open every day from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., except on holidays. Oahu residents are encouraged to visit the website, oneoahu.org for more information on Proclamations, Emergency Orders, Business Resources, and Financial and Housing Assistance Programs in the City and County of Honolulu. If you do not find what you are looking for on the site, please feel free to call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov.

The latest proclamation also allows residents to leave their homes to patronize certain businesses and activities under the new “Safer-at-Home” order.

Hawaii Pacific Health

3:00 p.m. Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery & Resiliency Plan

City and County of Honolulu

Sign up for an easy way to stay informed about getting a COVID-19 vaccine at VA at https://www.va.gov/health-care/covid-19-vaccine/stay-informed. When you sign up, the VA will also ask about your vaccine plans. Your local VA health facility may use this information to determine when to contact you once your risk group becomes eligible. The VA will contact every eligible Veteran in each risk group. You don’t need to sign up to get a vaccine. For more information, visit https://www.va.gov/health-care/covid-19-vaccine/

District 1

Here’s how it works:

Agenda for today's meeting found below. Watch it live on Olelo 49.

The 2020 SFSP is sponsored by the United States Department of Agriculture, and will provide lunch to Summer Fun participants 18 years and younger. SFSP will begin on July 6 and run through July 17 at select, qualified Summer Fun sites. Those participating will be listed on DPR’s website: http://bit.ly/SummerFunOahu

Mililani District Park

The survey will help the Department of Health determine the number of vaccine doses that are required for essential workers in each organization and to streamline the scheduling process and administration of the vaccines.

Leaders from the Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project joined Mayor Caldwell to announce a new program to provide support for the psychological well-being and mental health needs of individuals seeking help during the COVID-19 pandemic. The program, conceptualized by Dr. Lawrie Ignacio and Dr. Graham Taylor and coordinated by the Hawai‘i Psychological Association, offers free mental health services provided by a Pro Bono Service Provider to uninsured residents on Oʻahu and throughout the state. The Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project is a multi-disciplinary initiative that unites several mental health care communities with the common goal of ensuring that more Hawai‘i residents have access to quality mental health care. To ensure proper physical distancing during the Mayor’s “Ho’oulu i Honolulu” Order, all therapy and counseling services under the program will be provided exclusively via online telehealth platforms. People can access the service on a first-come, first-serve basis by logging on to https://www.hawaiipsychology.org/ and clicking on the “Please click HERE for more information” link under the heading: Hawai'i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project. The link will direct the individual seeking services to a description page outlining the terms of the Project, where he or she can then click on another link to submit a request for services. Once a request is submitted, the individual seeking services will be contacted by a Project coordinator who will assist in linking the individual to an available provider. The Project coordinators are asking for patience up front from those seeking mental health services provided by the Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project, as mental health providers are in high demand and matching requests with available providers at any given time may require a waiting period. The program does not offer a triage service, so interested residents may need to contact other community mental health services in order to secure timely services. Additionally, services being provided through the Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project are not suitable for urgent and crisis situations as the Project will not be able to immediately connect individuals in severe distress with an available provider. Those experiencing severe distress, or an emergency, are asked to call emergency and crisis personnel who can provide an immediate response. Along with the City’s 768-CITY information helpline, the City also created a website at www.oneoahu.org to provide information about Mayor Caldwell’s Emergency Order, provide updates on the availability of City services, and direct residents to quality, trusted COVID-19 healthcare information. For residents who do not find the information they are looking for on the website, residents can also email covidresponse@honolulu.gov to ask questions and get a response from City staff. To learn more about the Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project visit https://www.hawaiipsychology.org/.

The public is reminded that parking lots at the two sites will be closed to the public until 2 p.m. to allow for breakdown of testing tents and clearing of cones and barriers. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Fern Community Park

Wailupe Community Park

Mr. Sean Williams, Vice President

Antibody testing determines whether a patient had COVID-19 and now has antibodies against the virus; it is not used to determine whether someone currently has the disease. The test also does not tell you whether or not you may be susceptible to getting COVID again. Patients should discuss results with their healthcare provider to understand what the results mean for them.

As Hawai‘i continues to vaccinate our community and work toward herd immunity, it is important for every resident to understand the importance of getting vaccinated to protect ourselves and those around us.

Mr. Rodrigo Romo, Program Director

Reconstructed vehicle inspection is another in-office visit that will be served strictly on an appointment-only basis.

COVID-19 testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex and Kakaʻako Waterfront Park will be available this weekend. Drive-thru testing for COVID-19 will be offered at both locations, but a new Antibody Testing will be offered as well.

Hawaii Technology Development Corporation

Mr. Scott Nago, Chief Election Officer

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency - Ms. Alexandra Slous, State Disaster Recovery Coordinator

The state Department of Labor and Industrial Relations is kicking off an alphabetical system to ease the burden on the antiquated technology that has crashed multiple times over the past few weeks.

To view the guidelines, head here - https://health.hawaii.gov/coronavirusdisease2019/files/2020/04/What-To-Do-If-You-Have-Been-Tested-For-COVID19_040120.pdf.

Mr. Jon Henricks, County Clerk

The COVID-19 Hardship Relief program will provide funding support to Oahu residents with amounts up to $1,000 per month for qualified household expenses, and up to $500 per month for qualified childcare expenses to aid in lessening economic hardships caused by the pandemic. Each household may receive continued benefits as hardship continues, up to 6 months.

Approach to Job Creation:

Hawai‘i seniors age 75+ may make appointments for both required doses via CVS.com or through the CVS Pharmacy app. Those without online access can call customer service: (800) 746-7287. CVS cannot administer vaccinations to walk-in customers without an appointment.

Honolulu Police Department

The partnering pharmacies throughout the state include: ElixRx Pharmacy, 5 Minute Pharmacy, Foodland Pharmacy, KTA Pharmacy, Pharmacare Hawaii, The Queen’s Medical Center Pharmacy, and Times Pharmacy. As of Friday, the DOH has administered more than 56,000 vaccines and has received 152,650 doses from Moderna and Pfizer-BioNTech combined.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick-up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also stream live online at olelo.org/49.

The Hawaii State Department of Education (HIDOE) Grab-and-Go school meals program will be extended at select meal sites for an extra four days beyond the end of the school year on May 28 and transition to the summer meal program which runs through July 17. Certain schools will provide meals to children 18 years or younger, free of charge, regardless of eligibility for free or reduced price meals.

The special committee will convene to discuss the impact of COVID-19 on the upcoming elections. Specific topics include the number of Voter Service Centers, available drop boxes, and the steps being taken to ensure the health and safety of voters.

Kamilo Iki Community Park

Swanzy Beach Park

Queen’s Health Systems

For Fitness facilities to reopen, operators must limit occupancy to no more than fifty percent of the maximum occupant load, establish physical distancing guidelines (at least six feet), limit locker room access and the number of persons who use amenities of the facilities at the same time, and keep water fountains closed, except for those designed to refill water bottles in a contact-free manner.

For those who do not have computer or internet access, accommodations are available to facilitate their registration into the program. Please call the Summer Fun site for those accommodations. A list of the 65 program sites is included at the bottom of this announcement for your convenience.

Click HERE to read the full press release.

4:15 p.m. Department of Taxation

Library Take Out service is not available at the following libraries: Liliha, McCully, Pearl City and the Hawaii State Library. No book donations will be accepted at this time.

Phase 1c:

More COVID-19 testing will be available at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex and Kakaʻako Waterfront Park this weekend. Drive-thru testing for COVID-19 will be offered at both locations, but a new Antibody Testing will be offered as well.

For each location, follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. This is part of an effort to do focused testing in communities across Oʻahu. Results of the testing will be used to identify COVID-19 “Hot Spots” to help in their containment.

To help lessen demand for appointments, 50,000 letters were sent to O‘ahu residents who qualify to renew their driver licenses or state identification cards either online or by mail. In addition, the federal government announced in April that the start date for REAL ID enforcement has been extended by 12 months to Oct. 1, 2021.

Public Access: Since the State Capitol building will be closed to the public, the Senate will be conducting all committee hearings and floor session virtually. Members of the public will have the opportunity to provide testimony in writing and via videoconference, allowing broader participation by those who previously were not able to get to the State Capitol.

Mr. Scott Glenn, Chief Energy Officer

Booth District Park

1:00 p.m. - Department of Health, Dr. Bruce Anderson, Director

The letter to the Chief Justice states the concern “that the quarantine orders are being flouted once travelers leave the airport” and that when violators “appear before a judge, often the violators are released on their own recognizance without any measures to ensure no further violations happen.”

Kalihi Valley District Park

Pearl City District Park

“Disturbingly, we have also received reports that the City and County of Honolulu have avoided addressing these public concerns of non-compliance with regularity,” the letter says, and requests that the administration make enforcement of the quarantine “a priority by investigating and arresting people who violate them in our community, including returning residents and vacation rentals…”

Kaiser Honolulu Medical Office

McCully District Park

AlohaSafe Alert: Add your phone to fight against COVID-19

The COVID-19 vaccine is now available at vaccination clinics at Pier 2 Cruise Terminal for adults 75 years of age and older. Vaccinations are by appointment only.

The Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order allows residents of the City and County of Honolulu to shop at retail businesses and shopping malls that comply with specific operations guidelines that includes allowing all persons in these establishments to maintain physical/social distancing and health and safety standards.

Kahuku Community Park

The committee will be meeting with the following:

The Pfizer vaccine was the first vaccine to go into the arms of Hawaii’s healthcare workers, and ideally the second would go 21 days after.

These are just a few of the requirements and conditions for reopening and resuming operations. The full list for each business, service, or activity is included in the Amendment to Ho‘oulu i Honolulu 3.0.

Click here to read more from Civil Beat.

For information on the testing with Transformation Health Network, call 854-3566.

Who is eligible to get the vaccine and how do I sign-up?

These businesses/operations are required to follow the social distancing requirements in the 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation. They also are encouraged to follow the applicable guidelines recommended by the Centers for Disease Control. Generally, this means they must implement physical distancing requirements such as capacity limits and ensuring 6 feet or more between individuals using floor markings and signage; limit in-person work when possible; reduce the number of high-touch surfaces and objects as much as possible; reconfigure workplace to enable physical distancing if possible; communicate health and safety protocols to all employees, customers and visitors.

Pu‘unui Community Park

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency, Dr. Steven Hankins, Lead Coordinator

There will be no discrimination in the course of the meal service, as they will be served regardless of race, color, creed, national origin, sex, or disability.

How to Register for the Vaccine

Makiki District Park

Hālawa District Park

The Hawai‘i State Senate’s 2020 session was originally scheduled to take place from January 15 to May 7, but the Senate was forced to recess in mid-March due to the COVID-19 emergency. The Senate held a two week reconvene on May 11 to pass time-sensitive budget bills and nominations from the governor.

Waimānalo Beach Park

These new practices and protocols have been adopted in accordance with CDC guidelines, the City and County of Honolulu’s tiered reopening system and are subject to change.

Location: Pier 2 Cruise Terminal 521 Ala Moana Blvd, Honolulu

Hawaii Pacific University - Mr. John Y. Gotanda, President

These businesses and operations will be allowed to reopen under guidelines and conditions to ensure safety for both employees of these establishments and customers/clients. For example, Bars may reopen with operators ensuring limiting occupancy to no more than fifty percent of the maximum occupant load of the bar, limiting groups within the bar to a maximum of ten individuals per group, and ensuring groups within the bar maintain at least six feet of separation from other groups.

Dr. Sarah Park, State Epidemiologist

For more information, visit honolulu.gov/csd.

The result is this newly released Home Care for Persons with COVID-19 booklet. Presenting expert advice from trusted sources, the booklet saves Hawaii’s families valuable time trying to search out information and wondering who they can trust. Families can quickly find answers to specific and urgent issues, such as how to take a temperature or use a pulse oximeter and when to call 9-1-1. The easy-to-read booklet also includes a statewide directory of community resources, including isolation and quarantine assistance, crisis and mental health services and foodbanks.

Kāne‘ohe Community Park

Longs Drugs pharmacies begin offering COVID-19 vaccinations daily

For more information, visit www.honolulu.gov/csd

The Honolulu Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) is excited to announce a modified version of Summer Fun will be held this year. The program will be offered at no charge to O‘ahu families with Mayor Caldwell waiving the fees for the summer day camp.

Kalaniana‘ole Beach Park

Here is a breakdown of what is now permitted in Tier 3:

District 4 (Waialua to Waimānalo) - ph. (808) 768-8980

The Hawai‘i Department of Human Services (DHS) is assisting eligible families to better-afford preschool for the 2021-2022 school year.

THOUSANDS IN HAWAIʻI EXPECTED TO BENEFIT FROM EMERGENCY FOOD STAMPS, PANDEMIC SCHOOL MEAL PROGRAM

Beretania Community Park

If you are a senior age 75 or older, you are now eligible to register for the COVID-19 vaccine. Medical personnel and frontline workers in Phase 1b are also being vaccinated and will be contacted by their employer to schedule their COVID-19 vaccination. Visit the registration directory at HERE.

Natural Energy Laboratory of Hawaii Authority

This week the Hawai‘i Department of Health (DOH) launched a new service to help O‘ahu's older adults book their COVID-19 vaccination appointments.

Gov. Ige announced all travelers arriving in Hawai‘i from out-of-state will be required to get a valid COVID-19 test prior to their arrival, and to show proof of a negative test result, to avoid the 14-day quarantine. The pre-travel testing program begins Aug. 1.

1:30 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

Participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information including insurance if available and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head here.

Enchanted Lake Community Park

Salt Lake District Park

“We are closely monitoring current and projected vaccination numbers, appointment availability and most importantly the amount of vaccine allocated to the people of Hawai‘i,” said State Health Director Dr. Libby Char. “Our analysis of these indicators tells us it is time to expand vaccine eligibility to more people.”

If you are having difficulty filing your unemployment insurance 24/7, you may be clicking on the wrong link. Follow these steps to complete your filing and avoid error messages:

A new executive order issued by President Joe Biden will provide more Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program or SNAP benefits, commonly known as food stamps, to the most needy families, according to an update provided by US Senator Brian Schatz (D-Hawai‘i).

In regards to outdoor organized team sports, the Mayor’s Order includes two phases to ensure the safety of coaches, athletes, trainers, and everyone else involved. Phase 1 applies to outdoor team sports such as baseball, soccer, outdoor volleyball, and similar outdoor team sports. Under the amended Exhibit A of the City’s Order, starting Friday, June 19, activities would be allowed to resume under specific conditions. Those requirements include but are not limited to, limiting the activity to skill-building drills and team-based practice only, in which physical distancing of six feet or more between individuals may generally be maintained and groups are limited to a single Sports Program team, or a maximum of 30 players, whichever is less.

With more vaccine shipments en route, the Hawai‘i Department of Health is expanding the pool of people eligible to receive a COVID-19 shot. Beginning this coming Monday, March 8, all Hawai‘i residents age 70 and up are eligible to receive the vaccine. Learn where you can make your vaccination appointment HERE.

Learn more about the Kūpuna Call Center

On Tuesday, May 12, Transformation Health Network will conduct testing in the parking lot at Kalihi Union Church, 2214 North King Street from 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Entry will be from the driveway on Umi Street. Walk-up individuals are welcome also.

Qualified expenses will be paid directly to the vendor on behalf of the applicant.

The COVID-19 vaccine is now available at the Neal Blaisdell Concert Hall located at 777 Ward Avenue, Honolulu. Vaccinations are by appointment only, no walk-ins will be allowed at this time. For more information, please visit https://covid.queens.org/vaccination/

Essential workers across the state are next in line to receive the vaccine. To help ensure the proper number of dosages are available for essential workers, the Department of Health has issued anonline survey for businesses and other organizations to complete if they employ essential workers. The state’s vaccination plan defines “essential workers” as:

Travelers may be prohibited from boarding a flight if they have an elevated temperature above 100.4 degrees, they refuse to complete the mandatory form, or they are on the 14-day quarantine list prohibiting them from flying.

Hawaii Tourism Authority

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 16, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 17, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

The full list of commencement guidelines can be viewed here.

POD aims to assist low-income and moderate-income families with a subsidy that provides their children the opportunity to attend preschool. Preschool and other early learning opportunities help children gain essential skills, be prepared for school, and chart a course for lifelong success. Interested families may access the application from the department’s POD contractor, PATCH, by visiting patchhawaii.org or calling (808) 791-2130. They may also call toll-free at 1-800-746-5620.

Another $56 million will be used to bring back small businesses, support training and job programs connecting unemployed with local businesses in need of employees, and provide manufacturing grants to local companies that can create local supply chains for necessary cleaning supplies and personal protection equipment (PPE).

Grave site visits are also being added as an Essential Activity. All of the added reopening of certain businesses are with limitations. The restated Stay at Home Order incorporates prior orders, including but not limited to, ordering all individuals living within the City to stay at their place of residence except for Essential Activities, Governmental Functions, or to operate Essential Businesses, mandating employees and visitors of Essential Businesses to wear a non-medical grade face covering mandate, and the ban of all public and private gatherings of any number of people occurring outside a single household or living unit.

Dr. Edward Desmond, Administrator

Who is eligible to get the vaccine right now?

AlohaSafe Alert is a free and voluntary new service that helps slow the spread of COVID-19. It is the State of Hawaii’s official exposure notification app and has been developed in partnership with the Hawai‘i Department of Health. Add your phone to the fight to stop COVID-19 and protect your family, friends, co-workers, neighbors and community.

Are you caring for someone with COVID-19? Would you like to be prepared in the event a friend, family member or loved one should test positive? Most COVID-19 patients recover at home, so this new online booklet is here to support you! A few months into the pandemic, Hawaii’s Public Health Nurses and community outreach partners started to notice a growing challenge in the neighborhoods they serve. When someone tests positive for COVID-19, family members suddenly become caregivers. With little knowledge or guidance, many don’t know where to begin when it comes to caring for a loved one while keeping the rest of the family safe and healthy.

The Health Department is still in the process of developing this program but anticipates requiring an FDA-approved PCR test from a CLIA certified laboratory. Travelers will be required to provide printed or emailed pre-test certification as evidence of a negative test result. Travelers will be responsible for the cost of the pre-travel test.

Since in-office visits were suspended nine weeks ago, more than 44,000 driver license and state ID appointments had to be canceled.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be streamed live online at olelo/org/49.

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, June 27, by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing will be from 8 a.m. – 2 p.m.

View 5 Things You Can Do to Avoid Vaccine Scams

On weekends and holidays, that time is from 9 a.m. to 11 p.m.

This COVID-19 vaccination toolkit for essential workers is an informational resource to help Hawai‘i companies educate their employees. The facts in these flyers and handouts can be used to initiate and continue conversations about the importance of getting the COVID-19 vaccine.

Phase 1a:

Due to the recent uptick in COVID-19 cases, drive-thru testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be available this weekend.

Phase 1b:

Department of Environmental Services: Regular curbside refuse, green waste, and recycling service is still being conducted. Convenience centers and transfer stations remain open. Please note, all in-person services are suspended. Visit opala.org for more information.

Changes to the amended Stay at Home Order add the limited reopening of certain designated businesses and operations such as:

View Fast Facts About the COVID-19 Vaccine

Mr. David Sikkink, Administrator

‘Ewa Beach Community Park

The legislative branch will reopen beginning June 1, 2020. Each Senate office and support staff office will be expected to resume normal business hours on that date. For more details, please read the memo dated May 22, 2020, from the Senate President: Reopening of Legislative Branch - June 1, 2020

Look for registration opportunities available through links posted on HawaiiCOVID19.com/vaccination-registration and from healthcare providers around the state.

View Directory of Vaccination Providers

Please be ready to show your registration within the hour.

Starting Monday, April 19 all Hawai‘i residents age 16+ will be eligible for COVID-19 vaccination. This means 300,000 people will be newly eligible, bringing the total to more than 650,000 people in our state who are eligible and still unvaccinated.

University of Hawaii – School of Nursing and Dental Hygiene - Dr. Mary G. Boland, Dean

Are you eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Hawaii? Search by zip code to find a location near you and see which vaccines are being offered at each location! Find COVID-19 vaccines at local pharmacies near you at https://vaccinefinder.org/search/.

SafePaths - Mr. Michael Kamida, Technical Lead and Liaison

SUPERINTENDENT SAYS SCHOOLS COULD REALISTICALLY REOPEN FULLY IN FALL 2021; SOME HIGH SCHOOLS CAN HOLD LIMITED IN-PERSON COMMENCEMENT CEREMONIES

The City and County of Honolulu will soon be launching the COVID-19 Hardship Relief Program to help those most economically impacted by shutdowns to prevent the spread of the coronavirus. Scheduled to launch on May 18, the relief fund can be used to assist with basic needs including as rent, eligible utilities, childcare, and other essential expenses.

The Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order can be found here.

Aloha Trace - Mr. Brandon Kurisu, Coalition Representative

Lanakila District Park

In addition, travelers will be required to fill out the State Travel and Health form.

‘Āhuimanu Community Park

‪Starting 5 a.m. Saturday, City parks will be reopened to exercise only. Exercise includes running, walking, jogging and biking. However, no camping, using tennis courts, basketball courts, play equipment, off-leash dog parks, baseball, volleyball, etc.

Mr. Len Higashi, Acting Executive Director

Vehicle registrations can be renewed online, at self-service kiosks inside select Safeway and Foodland stores, as well as by mail. More information on these options is available at the Department of Customer Services website.

Kilauea District Park

Mayor Kirk Caldwell announced that certain Oauhu businesses will be allowed to open with limitations. This Order is effective from 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, April 30 through 4:30 p.m. on May 18.

Appointments can be made on AlohaQ.org.

For non-pandemic counseling and services, including crisis support, mental health resources and substance use treatment services, you may always call the Hawai‘i CARES hotline 24/7 at 1 (800) 753-6879 or text “ALOHA” to 741741.

Department of Parks and Recreation: City parks, courts, fields and parking lots are open. City skate parks and off-leash dog parks will reopen on Friday, May 29. The Koko Head Shooting Complex, city archery ranges, People’s Open Markets, and pools (lap swim only) are scheduled to reopen on Friday, June 5. The five Honolulu Botanical Gardens are open for passive use. This means no camping, garden tours, or recreational programs will be offered at that time. Other park facilities remain closed to the public, such as: playgrounds, campgrounds, gyms, and recreation buildings. Please be advised that lifeguards are not stationed in their regular towers but are instead on roving patrols. Stand-alone comfort stations are open but they will be closed during cleaning, maintenance, and regular park closure hours. For more information, please visit honolulu.gov/parks.

Ms. Kathy Sokugawa, Acting Director

At least 25,000 in Hawaii have been vaccinated for COVID-19 and the state is now preparing to administer the second dose to thousands of healthcare workers.

Mr. Scott Murakami, Director

*ALL VACCINES ADMINISTERED ARE BY APPOINTMENT ONLY*

“The 21 days is the standard recommendation,” she said. “The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices said it’s acceptable to get it as early as 17 days after the first dose of Pfizer vaccine. And there is no confirmed time period after 21 days that would require starting again.

Currently, the CVS website lists people over the age of 75 as eligible to receive a vaccine. If you qualify under this requirement, you may schedule an appointment on the CVS website after completing a short questionnaire. Pharmacies will have either the Pfizer or Moderna vaccine based on availability. For more information, contact (800) 746-7287 or visit https://www.cvs.com/immunizations/covid-19-vaccine

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 53 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. The meeting will also be streamed live online at olelo.org/53.

Online Registration begins Thursday, June 18 at 6 p.m.

State expands eligibility to more Phase 1c essential workers on Monday

11:00 a.m. Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

The Preschool Open Doors (POD) program application period began earlier in January and is open through March 31, 2021. Funds are limited, so DHS encourages families to apply as soon as possible.

‘Āina Haina Community Park

PLEASE NOTE: Sites and availability change rapidly, please refer to https://www.oneoahu.org/vaccine for more information.

The Legislature’s proposed plan builds upon UHERO’s estimates that $618 million in spending will generate more than $1 billion in Gross Domestic Product over the coming year and help Hawaiʻi’s households and businesses by supporting up to 6,500 jobs. The plan provides discretion to the Ige Administration to spend the remaining CARES funds to pay for unanticipated and emerging needs. This discretionary amount could be used to bolster Hawaiʻi’s unemployment insurance funds or support COVID-19 related programs.

This software was successfully used for shooters to make reservations at the Koko Head Shooting Complex beginning on Wednesday, June 3, and will serve a larger capacity in DPR registration and reservations in the future.

View Vaccine Registration Directory

To qualify for the program, children must be eligible to enter kindergarten in the 2022-2023 school year (born between Aug. 1, 2016, and July 31, 2017). If awarded a subsidy, families may use any one of the 409 state-licensed preschools. DHS also gives priority to underserved or at-risk children. Preschool Open Doors provides subsidies to eligible families to help pay preschool tuition.

Asing Community Park

Gov. Ige announced that the state will be lifting the 14-day quarantine requirement for inter-island travelers, effective June 16.

The governor is expected to extend the 14-day quarantine for travelers through June 30. This comes as the governor announced that he intends to continue Hawaii’s safer-at-home order through June 30. The Hawaii Tourism Authority, Department of Transportation, and other state agencies are working with the airlines to toughen the entry restrictions, to include revising the visitor arrival form, requiring the flight crew to complete the form, seeking to confirm return flights, increasing the screening staff at airports, stiffening hotel quarantines, enforcing rules on car rentals, and confirming hotel or home stays, among others. The COVID-19 committee met with the Police Chief, representatives from the Courts, and the Prosecutor's Office to coordinate enforcement of the 14-day quarantine. There were general agreements for a maximum bail of $2,000 for quarantine violators. Arraignment would be done virtually within 48-72 hours. Police statistics for Emergency Proclamation violations from March 20 to May 14 included 9,313 warnings, 5,244 citations, and 292 arrests.

Makakilo Community Park

More information will be made available on the Capitol website: www.capitol.hawaii.gov.

Learn More About Kū Makani FREE Mental Health Resources

The number of COVID-19 cases in Hawai‘i has been declining and our current positivity rate is now under 1%. This is an encouraging sign that Hawai‘i is making headway in our battle against the coronavirus. Many sacrifices have been made to get us to where are today, and we can celebrate fewer hospitalizations and healthier communities.

On May 14, the Senate was briefed on the State Administration’s proposal for $1.25 billion appropriated under the federal Coronavirus Aid Relief & Economic Security (CARES) Act. Senate Bill 75 SD2 HD1 passed out of the House Finance Committee and will now head to the full House for a vote next week. Concerns remain regarding how agencies will spend these funds, such as economic support to those most affected during this pandemic.

The six driver licensing centers on O‘ahu reopened May 26 for in-office visits also on an appointment-only basis.

This partnership is an effort to continue the momentum in vaccinating residents and caregivers of small residential care homes throughout the state.

Attendance Limits:

Safety Protocols:

District 1 (Hawaiʻi Kai to McCully) - ph. (808) 768-8944

This voluntary application is free and can be downloaded now from both the Apple and Google Play stores. Once downloaded, the app uses Bluetooth technology to anonymously communicate with other phones that have the application. The devices will “ping” one another, measuring the strength of the Bluetooth signal, distance of each device, and the duration of the contact. The more people who use the app, the safer and healthier we will make our community. If an individual is diagnosed with COVID-19, they will receive a text message from the Department of Health with a verification code to input into the app. This code will anonymously notify other devices about their possible COVID-19 exposure. The notification will not disclose any personally identifying information such as where, how, or when they were exposed. To trigger a notification alert, devices must have been within 6 feet of each other for at least 15 minutes in the past 14 days. If someone receives a notification from AlohaSafe Alert that they may have been exposed to COVID-19, they are recommended to self-quarantine, and get tested. According to the AlohaSafe website:

The order also includes a 15 percent increase in benefits for families of the more than 93,500 Hawai‘i students who qualify for free or reduced-priced school meals and are currently receiving Pandemic Electronic Benefit Transfer (P-EBT) benefits due to COVID-19 related school closures, as well as a directive for food assistance benefits to be updated to reflect the true cost of a healthy diet.

Koko Head District Park

Select Longs Drugs locations are now offering the COVID-19 vaccine to those eligible and by appointment only. Longs Drugs Pharmacy Aiea will be participating in this program, but active stores may change based on vaccine availability. The list of specific stores will be available on CVS.com as stores receive shipments and appointments become available. As of today, February 25, 2021, the Aiea Longs location located at 98-1005 Moanalua Rd #400 Aiea, HI 96701 has appointments available for vaccinations.

Appointments can be made at AlohaQ.org. The system will allow appointments only for those licenses expiring in June. (This includes licenses and state IDs with March expiration dates that were previously granted a 90-day extension under a state emergency order.) Later in the month, open appointment slots will be offered driver licenses and state IDs with July expiration dates. (This would include those with April expiration dates that were similarly extended by emergency order to July.)

2:15 p.m. - Department of Human Resources Development, Mr. Ryker Wada, Director

For more information on the testing run by Kalihi Kai Urgent Care, call (808) 841-2273.

This plan provides stakeholders from the whole community with the operational information needed to prepare their organizations to support the HDOH COVID-19 Vaccination Program. The HDOH COVID-19 Vaccination Core Planning Team recommends that stakeholders develop/update standard operating procedures (SOPs), as well as supporting plans and procedures, and continue outreach efforts throughout Hawaii to prepare the public for the COVID-19 Vaccination Program as vaccines become more widely available.

Mā‘ili Community Park*

Ms. Kathy Kaohu, County Clerk

Office of Elections

Department of Planning and Permitting

No public testimony will be accepted.If you require special assistance, please call 586-6800 or email your request to waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov.

Kailua District Park

Despite a national push to get students back in classrooms full-time, following new safety guidance from the CDC, schools Superintendent Christina Kishimoto said Hawaii public schools are unlikely to return to full in-person learning before next school year.

Waimānalo District Park

Dr. Eugene Tian, Chief State Economist

Paki Community Park

Ms. Rona Suzuki, Director

Mandatory 14-day quarantine for travelers, eviction moratorium also continue

Public Transportation - TheBus and TheHandi-Van: These services are operating with increased sanitary precautions for passenger and driver safety and health. Visit thebus.org or call 848-5555 for up-to-date schedules and information. The TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is open for in-person assessments for those extending or applying for eligibility. Distancing practices must be followed. TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is located at the First Insurance Center, 1100 Ward Avenue, Suite 835. For questions or to schedule an assessment, call (808) 538-0033, Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Who is next in line for vaccinations?

To allow access to the proceedings, the Senate will be providing live streams of all Senate hearings and floor sessions in real time, on YouTube and/or ‘Ōlelo and neighbor island cable networks, with live closed captioning. A list of upcoming and archived Senate hearings is available here: http://olelo.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=13

The Hawaii State Senate recently new operational changes ahead of the 2021 legislative session.

Location: Neal Blaisdell Concert Hall (Registration is across from the parking lot) 777 Ward Avenue, Honolulu

Why Get Vaccinated?

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 23, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 24, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

You are considered “fully vaccinated” two weeks after receiving the complete dose of your vaccine. If you receive the 2-dose Pfizer or Moderna vaccines, then you are “fully vaccinated” two weeks after your second dose. If you receive a single-dose vaccine like Johnson & Johnson’s Janssen vaccine, you will be fully vaccinated two weeks after your shot. If it has been less than two weeks or if you are still waiting for your second dose, you are NOT fully protected. Even after you are fully vaccinated, you should continue to protect yourself and others by following safe practices whenever you are near unvaccinated people outside of your own household. This means continuing to: wear a mask, stay at least 6 feet apart and avoid crowds and poorly ventilated spaces.

Registration opportunities for those 60 and older will soon be available through links posted on HawaiiCOVID19.com/vaccination-registration and from healthcare providers around the state.

On Friday, April 24, Kalihi Kai Urgent Care will be conducting testing at ʻEwa Mahiko District Park in ʻEwa Beach. Testing at 91-1205 Renton Road will run from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.

Ms. Georja Skinner, Chief Officer

The amended bill states (HB117), “Due to the unprecedented economic downturn resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the legislature believes that continued implementation of the commission's recommendations for the executive and judicial branches, and planned adjustments for the legislature, is irresponsible at this time and should be deferred.”

If you have questions about the vaccine, visit https://www.hawaiipacifichealth.org/hph-covid-19-updates/vaccine-update for updates.

Children must be six years old before Aug. 1, 2020 and not older than thirteen years old by July 28, 2020 to qualify. The modified Summer Fun will still utilize Junior Leaders.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on Olelo channel 49 on Oahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels.

12:00 p.m. Department of Health, State Laboratories

Building Permit Applications: Available by appointment only. Self-service permits are available online at honolulu.gov/dpp.

Please note that these operations may have altered hours. Please visit their websites before going to the location for services.

Hawaii State Energy Office

Also extended through the end of May -- the 14-day quarantine for both visitors and residents entering the state and for inter-island travelers.

Waikele Community Park

Vaccinations expand to Hawai‘i residents 60+ on Monday

Click here to read more from KITV4 news.

As part of its 2021 Legislative Program, the Hawaii State Senate will be focusing on ten of the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. The Senate has bipartisan dedication to the protection and sustainability of the islands’ people, communities, natural resources, and economic prosperity through advancing these U.N. goals.

Only Ala Moana Satellite City Hall will temporarily remain closed to in-office visits as it prepares to relocate within the shopping center.

Board of Water Supply: Water service remains operational and the water is safe to drink. Testing is conducted daily. BWS account services are available online at boardofwatersupply.com, by mail, or by phone. In-person services are suspended.

O‘ahu motorists are reminded that a safety check inspection is not required to renew motor vehicle registrations that are expiring in April or May.

Mr. Chris Tatum, CEO

Beware of COVID-19 vaccine scams! All COVID-19 vaccinations are free.

2. After receiving a notice that their item(s) are ready for pick up, patrons can schedule a Library Take Out time at picktime.com/hspls.

To reach a trained Kū Makani counselor, just call the Hawai‘i CARES hotline during these hours:

Adventist Health Castle will begin its second round of vaccinations next Monday, and for that week the concentration will also be pushing out another vaccine to those who received their first.

Kanewai Community Park

Over the past month, new COVID-19 variants have emerged from around the globe: first in the United Kingdom, then South Africa and Brazil. The CDC has warned that the U.K. variant could be the predominant variant in the U.S. sometime this month. As of now, three variants (P.2, B.1.429, and B.1.1.7) are already here in the islands, underscoring the importance of preventative measures. COVID-19 vaccination is an important tool in getting our communities back to normal. The CDC is continuing to investigate the effectiveness of COVID-19 vaccines against the new variants. Scientists also are working to learn about new variants of the virus. More studies are needed to understand how new variants may affect the effectiveness of existing COVID-19 vaccines. So far, studies suggest that antibodies generated through vaccination with currently authorized vaccines recognize these variants. This is being closely investigated and more studies are underway. Some of the new variants of the COVID-19 virus may spread more easily and quickly, which can lead to more cases of COVID-19. So, don’t wait. Plan to get whichever vaccine is available to you. Even after you are vaccinated, continue to follow all of the protective strategies to limit the spread of COVID-19. This includes wearing a mask, physical distancing, washing hands and staying home when you are sick which will also help prevent the spread of new variants. This is the time to stay vigilant! To learn more about the COVID-19 vaccine, visit HawaiiCOVID19.com/vaccine.

1:00 p.m.

TO FILE A CLAIM OR CHECK YOUR STATUS

The proclamation also includes:

Creative Industries Division

The Hawai‘i Department of Transportation has closed safety inspection stations to comply with social distancing recommendations stemming from COVID-19 and extended safety inspection certificates as well as stickers through May 31, 2020.

According to the Hawaii State Department of Health, the vaccine is currently only available to those who qualify under Phase groups 1-A and 1-B:

View Vaccine FAQs

The number of new COVID-19 cases is expected to rise once travel is re-opened. However, the State Department of Health has begun the process of training 500 new contact tracers, exceeding the recommended standards set by the Centers for Disease Control, and is exploring other screening and testing procedures.

Mr. Greg Barbour, Executive Director

Registration:

The reminder comes as 133,928 motor vehicle registrations on O‘ahu are scheduled to be renewed between April and May.

Clinic Hours of Operation: By appointment only.

Kapaolono Community Park

The public is encouraged to participate by submitting written testimony. No in-person testimony will be allowed at this time due to COVID-19. To submit testimony, please visit: https://www.capitol.hawaii.gov/submittestimony.aspx

The proposal also allows the following to resume operations with modifications:

Gov. David Ige approved Mayor Kirk Caldwell’s proposal to safely re-open more businesses and operations on O‘ahu, under guidelines that will ensure the safety of employees and customers.

View Hawaii's Vaccine Timeline and Who's Next in Line

2:00 p.m. Department of Health - Dr. Bruce Anderson, Director

A public-private partnership — that includes the City and County of Honolulu, Aloha United Way, the Council for Native Hawaiian Advancement, Helping Hands Hawaii, and other service providers — will work directly with individuals and families dealing with economic hardship to administer these resources and ensure Oahu residents have the support they need.

Foreign Trade Zone Division

District 4

Waiau District Park

The governor noted that the next step in re-opening air travel will be restoring out-of-state travel to the islands in a safe manner. He has been working on plans to do this said he would announce them soon.

Our COVID-19 numbers are the lowest they have been in months and the City & County of Honolulu has officially moved into Tier 3 as of today, February 25th. For more information on the reopening strategy and the various tiers, please visit: https://www.oneoahu.org/reopening-strategy

Under Phase 1 of the state’s re-opening, the following businesses and operations can re-open starting May 7, 2020 at 12:01 a.m. However, everyone is advised to check the restrictions in place in each county, as they may differ.

Starting next week, those whose last name starts with the letters A through G should file on Mondays.

If you have questions about the vaccine, please call Queen’s COVID-19 Vaccination Line: 808-691-2222 or visit https://covid.queens.org/vaccination for updates.

Department of Health expands mental health assistance in response to the ongoing pandemic

DOH TO PARTNER WITH PHARMACIES STATEWIDE TO PROVIDE COVID-19 VACCINE

“I would expect that we stay pretty close to what our expectations are. If you’ve received a first dose, you’re pretty guaranteed that we will have a second dose,” said Erik Anderson, chief nursing officer at Adventist Health Castle. “So we might not have first doses available next week. That would probably be more up there than not having a second dose.”

Kaimuki Community Park

Summer Fun Sites 2020:

Many families become overwhelmed with questions and concerns about caregiving while often struggling to navigate insurance, time away from work and finances while in quarantine or isolation. For those who live in multigenerational homes, everyone is impacted.

Veterans Affairs

The proposal also includes the re-opening of outdoor attractions with limitations, starting Thursday, May 28. This includes:

Pililā‘au Community Park

Although buildings remain closed to the public for now, the Library Take Out is a convenient and safe way to access library books and materials.

No pubic testimony will be accepted.

In addition to standard school health and safety protocols, commencement events will need to follow other rules.

.

1:15 p.m. Department of Health

Wilson Community Park

According to Dr. Melinda Ashton, the chief quality officer with Hawaii Pacific Health, the hospital is trying to administer second doses as efficiently as possible.

The times to file are Monday through Friday from 6:30 a.m. to 11 p.m.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be livestreamed via http://olelo.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=13.

Phase 1-A: Began in mid-December and is expected to be completed this month, focuses on health care workers and long-term care facility residents.

12:15 p.m. - Hawaii Agriculture Foundation, Ms. Denise Yamaguchi, Executive Director

The Hawaii State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 will hold a hearing today at noon live on ‘Olelo 49.

“This is another major step forward in the implementation of our state’s vaccination plan,” said Dr. Libby Char, director, Hawai‘i Department of Health. “With residents and staff of larger long-term care facilities such as assisted living communities now in progress, we’re now turning our attention to residential care homes and community care foster family homes.”

Got Questions About The COVID-19 Vaccines

 <tag> li




Goal #4 - Quality education: To ensure inclusive and equitable quality education, and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all by increasing access to broadband technology for all students, modernizing schools, carefully implementing plans for in-person and distance learning, and evaluating the teaching workloads and classifications of the University of Hawaii.

Staff and keiki will be provided hand sanitizer.

2nd dose appointments will be scheduled for you at your 1st dose appointment.

Water parks

Indoor attractions (theaters, museums, arcades, bowling alleys, etc.),

All Senate standing committee hearings will be live streamed on YouTube. This is a significant improvement in public access over previous years when only selected hearings were broadcast on cable television and streamed over the internet. In addition to the live streams, the Senate will continue to work with public access television providers on all islands to broadcast Senate committee hearings and floor sessions. All live streams will be available online and on demand at youtube.com/hawaiisenate.

Teachers, childcare and educational support staff (childcare, early education, K-12, post-secondary)

Public and private golf courses within the City operating in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the Professional Golfers’ Association’s “Procedures for Reintroduction to the Game and Business of Golf” as may be updated/amended.

Services provided on a one-one-one bases. Businesses that provide services such as private tutoring, certain music instrument lessons, etc., on a one-on-one basis, that comply with social distancing requirements;

Game rooms

Criminal liability for hosts of guests who violate quarantine requirements or owners of cars that are rented to quarantine violators.

80% of all smartphone users (i.e. 56% of the overall population) would be enough to suppress the pandemic on its own without any other form of intervention.

Entertainment areas

Persons ages 16-64 years with high-risk medical conditions: Individuals of all authorized vaccine eligible ages with underlying conditions that increase the risk for severe COVID-19 (30% of population)

U.S. Postal Service employees

Designated spaces will be made for each group, with activities conducted on a rotating basis.

Department of Parks and Recreation: City parks, courts, fields and parking lots are open. City skate parks and off-leash dog parks will reopen on Friday, May 29. The Koko Head Shooting Complex, city archery ranges, People’s Open Markets, and pools (lap swim only) are scheduled to reopen on Friday, June 5. The five Honolulu Botanical Gardens are open for passive use. This means no camping, garden tours, or recreational programs will be offered at that time. Other park facilities remain closed to the public, such as: playgrounds, campgrounds, gyms, and recreation buildings. Please be advised that lifeguards are not stationed in their regular towers but are instead on roving patrols. Stand-alone comfort stations are open but they will be closed during cleaning, maintenance, and regular park closure hours. For more information, please visit honolulu.gov/parks.

Healthcare Workers and First Responders

Essential workers not recommended for vaccination in Phase 1b: Essential workers that were not included in Phase 1b (7% of population)

Agriculture (non-food), such as landscape, ornamental plant growers, and nurseries

Social Distancing Requirements (as defined in the Order) are adhered to at all times.

Click on the button “For New Claims, Please Complete This Form.” DO NOT click on “Claimant Services” which connects to the old server system. This is where people are experiencing issues logging in and attempting to file a claim.

PARTICIPANTS MUST BE IN A VEHICLE TO RECEIVE ASSISTANCE. Walk-ups or bicyclists will not be permitted.

Frontline essential workers: Includes first responders, and frontline essential workers, defined as workers whose duties must be performed on-site and require being in close proximity (<6 feet) to the public or coworkers, and are essential to the functioning of society (11% of population)

Participants assume the risk that food supplies may run out before they can be served.

Combined with other measures, if 15% of our community uses AlohaSafe Alert, we can reduce infections by 8% and deaths by 6%.

One adult, 18 years of age or older, may accompany kupuna who have an appointment.

The Senate will be using Zoom as its online meeting platform.

Car Washes

Goal #11 - Sustainable cities and communities: To continue the commitment to develop inclusive, safe, resilient, and sustainable neighborhoods by increasing access to affordable housing; reducing homelessness, increasing local food production to promote food security; investing in Farm-to-State programs; ending the housing shortage; investing in local talent; training local workers in technical jobs; and maintaining local infrastructure such as state parks, airfields, and small boat harbors.

Utilities workers

No one will be permitted to exit their vehicles during the distribution.

Larger schools that may experience difficulties in hosting a safe, in-person ceremony are encouraged to consider alternative options such as a blend of in-person and virtual ceremonies, staggered drive-through ceremonies or drive-in formats.

Committee Chairs will have the option to conduct hearings 100% remotely or offer their members a hybrid set-up with some Senators participating from Senate conference rooms and some joining the hearing remotely.

H.R.6201 – Families First Coronavirus Response Act.

Goal #9 - Industry Innovation and Infrastructure: To build resilient infrastructure., promote inclusive and sustainable industrialization, and foster innovation, by investing in and preventing the exodus of local talent; diversifying the economy; assuring the digital accessibility to all communities; and promoting a creative resurgence in the culture and arts.

Anyone with unexplained respiratory illness since January 2020 who were never tested for COVID-19

A household is defined by an address and everyone who lives at that address. i.e. Multiple families and/or generations living under one roof will be counted as one (1) household.

Emergency service workers

Written testimony and videoconference testimony registration will be accepted through the Legislature’s website. No in-person testimony will be allowed.

Adults aged 65-74 years (10% of population)

June 5: Business/commercial businesses (in addition to restaurants), indoor residential, non-commercial gatherings of 10 or less (regardless of household)

Museums

Mar. 16: Supplementary proclamation suspending certain laws to enable state and county responses to COVID-19

To check on the status of your claim 24/7, click on “Check Your Claim Status.”

Education and care facilities (private education, adult care, special needs care facilities),

First responders, including police officers, firefighters, etc.

Fitness facilities (spaces for yoga, barre classes, hula hālau, etc.),

Other beauty operators

Those essential for federal, state, and local government operations

Visit https://huiclaims.hawaii.gov/#/

Complete the Registration and Scheduling process using the link: https://mychart.hawaiipacifichealth.org/signup

Critical transportation infrastructure workers (harbor and dock workers, public transportation, etc.)

There is currently no co-pay associated with the COVID-19 vaccine.

Parking for the vaccine clinic is available at three locations: Pier 2, Waterfront Plaza and Aloha Tower Market Place.

Shooting and Archery Ranges

All keiki and staff are required to wear a cloth face mask, with consideration to existing exemptions such as a medical condition which prohibits use of a face covering.

The extension of the eviction moratorium through July 31.

Public transportation workers

Emergency services dispatchers

Goal #10 - Reduced inequalities: To promote social, economic, and political growth for all by supporting affordable housing and investing in broadband connectivity in underserved areas.

Certain real estate services. All real property sales and management activities must be accomplished by remote/electronic means whenever possible. Restrictions and permitted real estate services are outlined in Emergency Order No. 2020-09;

Tattoo artists

Retail & Repair Services, such as apparel, florists, watch & surfboard repair (Note: retail does not re-open in City & County of Honolulu until May 15, and retail & most repair will not re-open in Maui county.)

Complete the Registration and Scheduling process using the link: kp.org/register.

Auto Dealerships

Long-term care facility residents: Adults who reside in facilities that provide a range of services, including medical and personal care, to persons who are unable to to live independently (1% of population)

The City’s “COVID-19 Guidance for Business” is followed to the greatest extent possible.

$14 million to the DOH for contact tracing/testing, vaccination and contract tracing staff, investigation and infection control, PPE and supplies;

Apr. 16: Fifth supplementary proclamation implementing enhanced social distancing requirements and an eviction moratorium

All keiki and staff will have their temperature taken at the beginning of each day.

People’s Open Markets

Goal #3 - Good health and well-being: Promoting health and well-being by implementing evidence-based strategies to combat the COVID-19 pandemic, improving access to quality health care, supporting family caregivers, and improving local resiliency in health care by training medical professionals.

Teachers, child care workers and education support staff

Corrections officers and staff

If you are not part of the vaccination group above, please do not schedule a vaccine appointment here.

$36 million for thermal screening at the airports;

Pet Grooming Services

Public Transportation - TheBus and TheHandi-Van: These services are operating with increased sanitary precautions for passenger and driver safety and health. Visit thebus.org or call 848-5555 for up-to-date schedules and information. The TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is open for in-person assessments for those extending or applying for eligibility. Distancing practices must be followed. TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is located at the First Insurance Center, 1100 Ward Avenue, Suite 835. For questions or to schedule an assessment, call (808) 538-0033, Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Keiki participants will be within the same group for the entire program.

DPR is still hiring for those interested in working as Summer Fun Aides. Please click here if you are interested in fun, seasonal work opportunity, or call the District Office of the location where you would like to work (listed below)

Childcare services, licensed or authorized under the law

Graduates will be allowed to bring a maximum of two members from their household. No additional guests will be allowed. Schools also have the authority to reduce this number based on venue restrictions and ceremony formats.

Mobile service providers. Businesses that provide service on a mobile bases in which no human interaction between the service provider and the customer, including, but not limited to, mobile pet grooming and car washing/detailing businesses;

Corrections officers

Movie theatres

The Household Information Form can be downloaded below: A separate form must be filled out for each household represented in the vehicle.

Mar. 23: Third supplementary proclamation mandating social distancing measures throughout the state

June 19: Indoor operations such as:

Performers who sing or play wind instruments must keep a distance of at least 10 feet from other people.

Occupancy is limited at all times to no more than one (1) person per 200 square feet of the gross operation area (which equates to approximately 50 percent of the maximum occupancy load).

Complete the Registration and Scheduling process using the link, the button to schedule will be at the bottom of the page: https://covid.queens.org/vaccination/

Reducing the number of recess days from thirteen to nine.

If you are already a Hawaii Pacific Health patient and have a MyChart account, you will receive a notification through MyChart to schedule an appointment.

Food will be placed directly into the vehicle at each food distribution station.

Goal #13 - Climate action: To take urgent action to combat climate change by promoting sustainable tourism, exploring carbon sequestration, and investing in renewable energy.

Driver’s licensing and Satellite City Halls: All six of the driver licensing centers in the City and County of Honolulu are open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. The online appointment system for appoints for driver licenses and state identification services can be accessed at alohaq.org. The system has been revised to serve the greatest needs first. For assistance with making an appointment, call: (808) 768-4177. Masks or face coverings are required during all in-office visits. For more information, visit honolulu.gov.csd. The Kapahulu Vehicle Reconstruction Inspection Station in the City and County of Honolulu is open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. For assistance, call: (808) 768-4325.

Building Permit Applications: Available by appointment only. Self-service permits are available online at honolulu.gov/dpp.

All persons aged 16 years or older not previously recommended for vaccination: All other persons residing in Hawaii aged 16 years or older not already recommended for vaccination in Phases 1a, 1b, or 1c (27% of population)

Goal #16 - Peace, justice, and strong institutions: To promote peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable development; provide access to justice for all; and build effective, accountable, and inclusive institutions at all levels by examining government agencies that could be restructured and evaluating leadership and inmate training programs in correctional facilities in Hawaii.

You can also schedule an appointment by calling: (808) 691-2222.

COVID-19 Infoline: (808) 691-2619, Mon – Fri, 8 am – 8 pm, Sat – Sun, 8 am – 1 pm

A vehicle may pick up food for a MAXIMUM OF THREE (3) HOUSEHOLDS.

Shortening conference by one-week.

$637 million to be deposited into the state's rainy day fund to be allocated in subsequent sessions.

Performers who sing or play wind instruments need not wear face coverings, but a physical barrier is required between performers and patrons/staff for indoor restaurants/bars.

To preserve the vaccine supply for the designated priority group, we will only be vaccinating residents 75 years of age and older at this time.

Neighborhood Board Commission: Neighborhood boards will resume public meetings beginning June 1. Physical distancing requirements are followed. For meeting information, please contact the NCO at 768-3710, email nco@honolulu.gov, or visit the office’s website at honolulu.gov/nco.

Adults 75 years of age and older (9% of population)

The special parking rate for Waterfront Plaza and Aloha Tower Market Place locations is $2 for 2 hours with documentation of your vaccine clinic visit.

Board of Water Supply: Water service remains operational and the water is safe to drink. Testing is conducted daily. BWS account services are available online at boardofwatersupply.com, by mail, or by phone. In-person services are suspended.

Only 12 keiki will be allowed per adult supervisor, which will constitute one group.

Downloading the Household Information Form and pre-filling it out does not guarantee you will receive food at the distribution – in the event that food supplies run out before your vehicle is served.

The elimination of prohibitions related to beaches, boating, hiking and shoreline fishing, as these activities are being addressed through the counties in coordination with the state Department of Land and Natural Resources.

AN ADULT FROM EACH HOUSEHOLD MUST BE PRESENT WITH A VALID GOVERNMENT-ISSUED ID.

The ceremony must be held outdoors or in a venue with adequate ventilation. Third-party venues are allowed.

Mar. 31: Fourth supplementary proclamation implementing a mandatory 14-day self-quarantine for people traveling between the islands in the State of Hawai‘i

Food-court dining areas (except for delivery or carry out)

Staff or keiki will not be allowed to participate in the program if they are sick, have been in contact with someone diagnosed with COVID-19, or have traveled out-of-state within the past 14 days.

Teachers and childcare and educational support staff (childcare, early education, K‐12, post‐secondary)

Common areas (except to access and depart from a retail or repair service business)

U.S. Postal Service workers.

Goal #7 - Affordable and clean energy: To ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable, and modern energy for all by promoting renewable energy and committing to reduce our reliance on fossil fuels.

Pools

Indoor facilities being used by for Summer Fun will remain closed to the public throughout the program. Outdoor facilities being used for Summer Fun will be off-limits to the public during the specific program times, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m., but will be reopened for general public use outside of that timeframe.

Arcades

Within shopping malls, the following must remain closed:

Maintenance staff will clean bathroom facilities twice daily.

$8 million to DLIR for IT Modernization, UI Program Enhancements, and facility and staff support;

Play areas

Individuals essential for federal, state and local government operations.

COVID-19 Vaccination Line: (808) 691-2222, Mon – Fri, 7:30 am – 5 pm

Nail technicians

Barbers

Campgrounds

If you are unable to download the Household Information Form, there will be printed forms available at the distribution. Please bring a pen.

The distribution organizers reserve the right to refuse service to individuals who do not comply with the rules established for this food distribution.

Critical utilities (energy, water, etc.)

Shopping Malls – limited to retail and repair services (Note: shopping malls are not reopening in Maui county.)

Goal #8 - Decent work and economic growth: To promote robust, inclusive, and sustainable economic growth, opportunity for full and productive employment, and work for all, by improving Hawaii’s economic resilience; aiding small businesses devastated by the coronavirus pandemic; diversifying industry; managing sustainable tourism; investing in access to broadband technology; and pivoting the State economy towards agriculture.

Mar. 21: Second supplementary proclamation implementing mandatory 14-day self-quarantine for visitors and residents entering the State of Hawai‘i

Previous COVID-19 positive individuals and their families and close contacts

Front line tourism industry workers with direct exposure to visitors

H.R.748 – CARES Act.

Observatories & Support Facilities

$40 million for AG enforcement, PPE, payroll, and other department requests;

New and used car and truck dealerships – sales and leasing activities (with restrictions);

Department of Environmental Services: Regular curbside refuse, green waste, and recycling service is still being conducted. Convenience centers and transfer stations remain open. Please note, all in-person services are suspended. Visit opala.org for more information.

Hairdressers

Fitness centers

$1 million for the PUA program (UI for independent contractors & GIG workers);

Goal #17 - Partnership for the goals: To continue to implement the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals by creating effective public, private, and civil society partnerships by building on existing partnerships; enhancing a coherent policy for sustainable development; and improving the resiliency of the economy and healthcare systems in Hawaii.

H.R.266 - Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act.

Testifiers will be given the option to submit remote virtual testimony once written testimony is submitted. Individuals must register no later than 24 hours prior to the committee hearing in order to be added to the remote virtual testimony list.

Pier 2 parking is free but is limited and preferred for persons with restricted mobility.

Use your legal name and information as shown on a state-issued ID.

First responders

Sea life attractions

Bars.

Automated service providers. Service providers that do not require human interaction between the service provider and the customer, including for example, fully automated car washes;

You will be receiving the Moderna COVID-19 vaccine. We will schedule you to come back to this clinic 28 days later for your 2nd dose.

H.R.6074 – Coronavirus Preparedness and Response Supplemental Appropriations Act.

The 10-foot distance requirement does not apply to members of the same performing group.

Health care personnel: Includes paid and unpaid personnel serving in health care settings who have the potential for direct or indirect exposure to patients or infectious materials (5% of population)

Similar outdoor facilities

Outdoor organized team sports (two phases, with phase 1 beginning June 19),

 <tag> span




Ala Pu‘umalu Community Park

Due to the pandemic, the State Capitol building remains closed to the public at this time.

Legislative Timetable:

Hau‘ula Community Park

THURSDAY, MARCH 25, 2021 10:00 AM

Chaminade University -

DO NOT

Mr. Dennis Ling, Administrator

Healthcare Workers and First Responders

The Hawai‘i State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 sent letters to Hawai‘i Supreme Court Chief Justice Mark Recktenwald and Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell expressing concerns about the enforcement of the travel quarantine orders put into effect by Governor David Ige.

WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 2020 9:05 AM

Click on the button “For New Claims, Please Complete This Form.” DO NOT click on “Claimant Services” which connects to the old server system. This is where people are experiencing issues logging in and attempting to file a claim.

Senate President Ronald D. Kouchi, State House Speaker Scott K. Saiki, Senator Donovan M. Dela Cruz, and Representative Sylvia Luke announced the Legislature’s comprehensive plan to use $635 million in federal CARES Act funds to provide ongoing, immediate relief to residents and small businesses who are suffering from the devastating economic shutdown caused by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. The plan aims to support and reinforce the social safety net for our residents, rebuild and move our economy forward, and address the ongoing pandemic.

Finally, Wednesdays are for P through Z.

TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 2020 8:51 AM

Sunset Beach Recreation Center

PARTICIPANTS MUST BE IN A VEHICLE TO RECEIVE ASSISTANCE. Walk-ups or bicyclists will not be permitted.

Hawaiian Electric has suspended service disconnections for nonpayment through June 30 to ensure customers’ electricity needs are met as stay-at-home orders are extended due to the coronavirus pandemic.

waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov

The Senate floor session will convene at 11:30 a.m. on Monday, June 22, with hearings getting underway that morning. The session is scheduled to adjourn on Friday, July 10. The new legislative timetable is available here:

Car Washes

Accommodations are available upon request to persons with disabilities. Please call (808) 768-3003 or send an email to parks@honolulu.gov at least five days prior to the event.

Research & Economic Analysis

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be streamed live online at olelo.org/49.

No one will be permitted to exit their vehicles during the distribution.

I EXPECTED TO BENEFIT FROM EMERGENCY FOOD STAMPS, PANDEMIC SCHOOL MEAL PROGRAM

Anyone with unexplained respiratory illness since January 2020 who were never tested for COVID-19

The City opened online appointments for residents whose Hawai‘i driver licenses or state identification cards expire this year in March, April, May, June and July. This is after the state announced its intent to allow licenses and identification cards that expire between March 16 and June 30 to remain valid through Sept. 30.

A household is defined by an address and everyone who lives at that address. i.e. Multiple families and/or generations living under one roof will be counted as one (1) household.

Oahu beaches opened over the weekend, May 16, for activities based on approved guidelines issued by the City and County of Honolulu. In addition to those activities already allowed (e.g., ocean access and exercise), beaches or sand bars within the City may also be utilized with the following restrictions: a. All groups are limited to members of the same household or living unit. b. No group can exceed ten persons. c. All persons using the beach, who are not part of members of the same household or living unit, shall comply with Social Distancing Requirements, provided that a caregiver may accompany a dependent. d. The beach or sand area may only be used one-half hour before sunrise to one-half hour after sunset, unless the person is engaged in shore fishing or permitted outdoor exercise. e. All other State of Hawaiʻi or City restrictions related to COVID-19 must be followed, including, but not limited to, any applicable quarantine restrictions. If you have any questions on Mayor Caldwell’s Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order 2.0, as amended, visit the website, oneoahu.org to find answers to some frequently asked questions. If you still do not find an answer to your question on the site, O‘ahu residents can call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov. The City and County of Honolulu COVID-19 information call center remains open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on holidays.

June 5: Business/commercial businesses (in addition to restaurants), indoor residential, non-commercial gatherings of 10 or less (regardless of household)

Kahalu‘u Community Park

Visit https://huiclaims.hawaii.gov/#/

Procedures for written and road driving-test applications are being reviewed and will be announced at a later time.

Kāne‘ohe Community & Senior Center

The Hawaii State Public Library System announced its statewide launch of Library Take Out at 47 of our 51 public libraries. Starting Tuesday, May 26th, library patrons may now schedule a Library Take Out appointment time to pick up their hold item(s) at their favorite library.

The modified Summer Fun Program will be offered on weekdays, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. from Wednesday July, 1 through Tuesday, July 28 (excluding the holiday on Friday, July 3).

Shooting and Archery Ranges

All keiki and staff are required to wear a cloth face mask, with consideration to existing exemptions such as a medical condition which prohibits use of a face covering.

Pacific Palisades Community Park

Click here to view more information, including school sites and pick-up times.

THOUSANDS IN HAWAI

All keiki and staff will have their temperature taken at the beginning of each day.

The letter to Mayor Caldwell lists the actions taken by the Hawai‘i Department of Transportation to screen and verify passenger information and require compliance with the state’s quarantine orders, but says that the public is consistently reporting “travelers blatantly violating” the quarantine.

Participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations.

Aloha Trace -

$36 million for thermal screening at the airports;

Temperature checks will continue at airports across the state. Anyone with a temperature higher than 100.4 degrees or who is experiencing other symptoms will be required to undergo a secondary screening at the airport with trained healthcare staff.

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 2021 3:25 PM

District 3

AGENDA

Hō‘ae‘ae Community Park

Retail establishments should meet the following guidelines:

Letter to Chief Justice Recktenwald

Testing for regular PCR (nose swab) will be conducted as it has been done previously. If one desires this testing, the attending doctor will determine who should be tested. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head here. Testing will be offered without charge for those without insurance.

Walk-in-and-wait transactions will not be offered. The public can continue to do express payment services, such as water bill payments and annual vehicle registration renewals, via online, mail-in or by 24/7 kiosk options.

This would free up appointment slots for transactions that can more efficiently be completed in-person, such as applying for a disability-parking permit, junking a vehicle or performing complicated motor vehicle transactions related to a lost title or difficult registrations.

Kāne‘ohe District Park

MONDAY, MAY 18, 2020 10:04 AM

The special committee will convene to assess and advise the Senate regarding the State of Hawaii's COVID-19 plans and procedures for reopening the economy and the plans for economic recovery.

Kalākaua District Park

A vehicle may pick up food for a MAXIMUM OF THREE (3) HOUSEHOLDS.

Ms. Angela Keen

TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 2020 2:21 PM

Performers who sing or play wind instruments need not wear face coverings, but a physical barrier is required between performers and patrons/staff for indoor restaurants/bars.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 2021 8:58 AM

12:30 p.m. Airlines for America

. Testing will be offered without charge for those without insurance.

THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2020 1:26 PM

The committee will be meeting with the following to discuss enforcement of the 14-day quarantine and stay-at-home orders:

Only 12 keiki will be allowed per adult supervisor, which will constitute one group.

MONDAY, MAY 11, 2020 10:34 AM

Certain designated businesses and operations in the City and County of Honolulu will be allowed to re-open on May 15, by following specific guidelines as detailed Emergency Order No. 2020-10. The Amended and Restated Stay at Home/Work from Home Order, now under the new name “Ho‘oulu i Honolulu” or “Restore Honolulu” Order, incorporates all prior Emergency Orders, including the wearing of non-medical grade face coverings, social distancing requirements, and the limited opening of City parks.

Downloading the Household Information Form and pre-filling it out does not guarantee you will receive food at the distribution – in the event that food supplies run out before your vehicle is served.

The Special Committee on COVID-19 will meet tomorrow with the following:

Pālolo Valley District Park

MONDAY, MAY 18, 2020 10:07 AM

GDP History, Outlook, and Potential Sector Growth:

If you miss your day, don’t worry, Thursdays through Sundays are open.

The proposal also includes the re-opening of outdoor attractions

DPR is privileged to participate in the Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) in conjunction with Summer Fun.

Common areas (except to access and depart from a retail or repair service business)

For the other eight satellite city halls on O‘ahu, precautions are in place to ensure the safety of customers and employees, who will be required to wear facial coverings and remain six-feet apart from others during all in-office transactions.

Indoor facilities being used by for Summer Fun will remain closed to the public throughout the program. Outdoor facilities being used for Summer Fun will be off-limits to the public during the specific program times, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m., but will be reopened for general public use outside of that timeframe.

Department of Transportation

r. John Y. Gotanda, President

Ala Wai Community Park

within the City operating in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the Professional Golfers’ Association’s “Procedures for Reintroduction to the Game and Business of Golf” as may be updated/amended.

TUESDAY, AUGUST 18, 2020 1:44 PM

THURSDAY, MAY 7, 2020 9:57 AM

Goal #8 - Decent work and economic growth

Kamehameha Community Park

Dr. Mary G. Boland, Dean

‘Ewa Mahiko District Park

The City and County of Honolulu is pleased to announce it is supporting more drive-thru COVID-19 testing this week.

. Businesses that provide service on a mobile bases in which no human interaction between the service provider and the customer, including, but not limited to, mobile pet grooming and car washing/detailing businesses;

Barbers

Campgrounds

The City and County of Honolulu announced that it has reopened its online appointment system for driver license and state identification card services.

Below are those online registration dates and procedures which are determined by geographic park district. All dates and times are Hawai‘i Standard Time:

If you are unable to download the Household Information Form, there will be printed forms available at the distribution. Please bring a pen.

Customers should NOT worry about their power being shut off due to nonpayment through the end of June, and any threat of immediate disconnection unless payment is made received before June 30 should be treated as a scam. Customers experiencing financial hardship because of the pandemic are urged to contact Hawaiian Electric to discuss payment arrangements and options.

Ms. Alexandra Slous, State Disaster Recovery Coordinator

Addressing the public health needs of the COVID-19 pandemic is another pillar to the comprehensive funding plan. “The Legislature’s plan devotes $100 million to distribute ample sanitation and PPE supplies for essential workers beyond the health care community including child care facilities, elderly care homes, small businesses, schools, and non-profits that work with populations vulnerable to the coronavirus,” said Senate President Ronald Kouchi.

Testing will be made available to those without insurance as well. For more information on this testing, please call Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Front line tourism industry workers with direct exposure to visitors

The Senate's primary budgetary focus will be on deploying the existing federal CARES Act money,” said Senate President Kouchi.

Dr. Bruce Anderson, Director

Hairdressers

Satellite city halls across O‘ahu will start reopening July 1 for regular in-office service on an appointment-only basis.

Those whose last name starts with H through O should file on Tuesdays.

1:30 p.m.

Tomorrow, May 8, Kalihi Kai Urgent Care will conduct testing at ʻEwa Beach Community Park. Testing will be from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.

‘Aiea District Park

Sea life attractions

Antibody testing determines whether a patient was exposed to COVID-19 and now has antibodies against the virus; it is not used to determine whether someone currently has the disease. The test also does not tell you whether or not you may be susceptible to getting COVID-19 again. Patients should discuss results with their healthcare provider to understand what the results mean for them.

Mākaha Community Park

The Hawai‘i State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 will hold a meeting beginning at 1 p.m. today, live on ‘Ōlelo channel 49 on O‘ahu and http://olelo.org/49. The State Capitol remains closed to the public.

The 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation, EXHIBIT G, lists the businesses/operations designated for re-opening, and outlines specific safety guidelines for each. It also includes county-specific requirements. For example, retail businesses on Oʻahu may not open until May 15, 2020, and Maui County will not allow retail, most repair shops and malls to reopen at this time.

The special committee will be meeting with the following:

FRIDAY, JANUARY 22, 2021 1:11 PM

Wahiawā District Park

Gov. Ige has approved Mayor Kirk Caldwell’s proposal to allow singing and/or playing of wind instruments at indoor and outdoor restaurants/bars, with some restrictions.

In order to balance the childcare needs of our island community with the safety guidelines established due to COVID-19, there will be significant changes to the number of keiki that our facilities and staff can accommodate, the activities offered, and overall program procedures:

THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 2020 9:43 AM

Over 34,000 households are expected to receive help from the plan’s $100 million funded rental and housing assistance subsidies. The State’s most financially vulnerable households will receive rental assistance in the form of a $500 monthly subsidy or 50% of rent, whichever is lesser, for up to five months from August 1 to December 31.

WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 2020 4:54 PM

The public is reminded that the parking lot at the Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be closed to the public until 3 p.m. to allow for breakdown of testing tents and clearing of cones and barriers. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Crestview Community Park

Wai‘anae District Park

Kaiser Permanente

Waialua District Park

Criminal liability for hosts of guests who violate quarantine requirements or owners of cars that are rented to quarantine violators.

The emergency proclamation lifts the quarantine requirement for inter-island travelers effective 12:01 a.m. on June 16, 2020. However, it also leaves in place the quarantine requirement for out-of-state travelers. The governor has the authority to make exemptions for transit corridors/bubbles.

with modifications

The State Capitol building will remain closed to the public at least through June 30, 2020. Entry into the building will continue to be limited through the main double glass doors on the basement level from 7:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., and the National Guard will continue temperature screening everyone entering the building. Entry will be limited to employees and authorized guests. For more details, please read the memo dated May 22, 2020, from the Comptroller: Revised - Capitol Security Access Procedures

If you require special assistance, please call 586-6800 or email your request to

The Hawai‘i State Senate Committee on Ways and Means today deferred pay raises for legislators and state officials this year that had been recommended by the Salary Commission prior to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Social Distancing Requirements (as defined in the Order) are adhered to at all times.

Mānana Community Park

1. Patrons go to HSPLS Library Catalog and place a hold on any item(s) they want to borrow, or they may call their favorite library branch to place a hold with our staff.

Participants assume the risk that food supplies may run out before they can be served.

Mr. Alan Oshima, Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery and

This year registration will be conducted primarily online thanks to new software developed by the Honolulu Department of Information Technology. The software is called Parks and Recreation Online System, or PROS, and works best using the Google Chrome web browser.

District 3 (Pearlridge to Waiʻanae to Wahiawā) - ph. (808) 768-6889

Online Registration begins Saturday, June 20 at 9 a.m.

All in-office transactions will be served on an appointment-only basis. Masks or face coverings are required during in-office visits.

12:00 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov.

Moanalua Community Park

Ms. Susan Ballard, Chief of Police

Members of the Hawaii Executive Collaborative will present on a tourism recovery plan to create a task force to establish a travel bubble corridor. The corridor is for travel by two regions, both of which contained the virus, and who agree to a quarantine-free travel zone.

The state Department of Transportation will require thermal screening at the airport for everyone traveling inter-island. HDOT will also require travelers to fill out a new form that will now also ask for health-related information to assist the state in tracking and responding to new COVID-19 cases.

. Service providers that do not require human interaction between the service provider and the customer, including for example, fully automated car washes;

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 2021 9:08 AM

Ms. Clare Connors, Attorney General

CVS/Longs Drugs

FRIDAY, MAY 29, 2020 12:34 PM

MONDAY, MAY 18, 2020 10:20 AM

FRIDAY, APRIL 16, 2021 12:00 PM

To check on the status of your claim 24/7, click on “Check Your Claim Status.”

This software utilizes the same HNL.Info log-in that many O‘ahu residents already possess. We encourage the public to create an HNL.Info account and a PROS profile ahead of registration by visiting: https://pros.hnl.info.

The amended bill notes that in expectation of an economic downturn due to COVID-19, “the State Council on Revenues lowered its fiscal year 2021 forecast from four per cent to zero per cent, meaning that the State will have about $225,000,000 less in revenues than expected.”

Goal #13 - Climate action

3:30 p.m. Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

Test participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Although buildings remain closed to the public for now, the

Goal #9 - Industry Innovation and Infrastructure

The plan sets aside $230 million to support unemployed residents until the end of the year. “These critical funds will provide a new state unemployment insurance weekly benefit that replaces the weekly federal plus-up payments set to expire July 31,” explained Senator Dela Cruz, Chair of the Senate Ways and Means Committee. “Beginning August 1, an estimated 117,000 unemployed individuals will receive the State’s enhanced weekly unemployment benefit of $100.”

The extension of the eviction moratorium through July 31.

THURSDAY, MAY 7, 2020 9:53 AM

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 2021 12:00 PM

THURSDAY, MARCH 25, 2021 4:00 PM

FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 2020 9:54 AM

PRESCHOOL OPEN DOORS PROGRAM ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS

Tattoo artists

Mānoa Valley District Park

District 2

Food Service Program:

People’s Open Markets

Please note that there may be committee members or invited speakers participating remotely via video or teleconference.

4. Anyone with unexplained respiratory illness since January 2020 who were never tested for COVID-19

Whitmore Community Park

The Hawaii State Legislature will reconvene next Monday, May 11th. This reconvened session is expected to be about 6-10 days to address state budget issues and for the Senate to take up confirmation hearings for various state boards and commissions. The Ways and Means and Finance Committees will need to consider an estimated $1 billion in budget cuts from the $8 billion general fund budget, while minimizing cuts to social services or pay cuts or furloughs. All meetings and hearings will be broadcast live on Olelo; however, the public will not be able to attend, and written testimony will be excepted via submission.

Antibody Testing will be through actual blood draw. Licensed practitioners will be on site to conduct this test, and the samples are sent to local labs for analysis and reporting. The testing will be free if covered by the patient’s insurance, but a charge of $40 will be made to each patient without insurance by local labs who will bill the patients. Those only taking part in the Antibody Testing will not need to self-quarantine. The following categories of individuals are encouraged to be tested by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi:

The bill defers all salary increases slated for this fiscal year for members of the legislature, the governor, lieutenant governor, justices and judges of all state courts, administrative director of the State or an equivalent position, and department heads or executive officers and the deputies or assistants to the department heads or executive officers of the departments.

Kauluwela Community Park

Mr. Ross Higashi, Deputy Director

Gov. Ige signed a 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation that authorizes the first group of businesses to re-open since the COVID-19 pandemic forced the temporary closure of non-essential businesses across the state on Mar. 25.

TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 2020 1:26 PM

2. Healthcare Workers and First Responders

The Hawai‘i State Senate is scheduled to resume its 2020 session June 22 to July 10. Committees will be considering a limited number of critical bills that were put on hold when the Senate was forced to recess in mid-March due to COVID-19. The Senate will also be allocating additional federal funding from the CARES Act.

Kahala Community Park

Testing for regular PCR (nose swab) will be conducted as it has been done previously. If one desires this testing, the attending doctor will determine who should be tested. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 2021 4:00 PM

The Legislature is currently in recess, pursuant to S.C.R. No. 244.

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 2021 10:00 AM

Ms. Jade Fountain-Tanigawa, County Clerk

Food will be placed directly into the vehicle at each food distribution station.

Gov. David Ige signed a ninth supplementary emergency proclamation that extends the COVID-19 emergency period through July 31.

Letter to Mayor Caldwell

The City and County of Honolulu COVID-19 information call center remains open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on holidays. O‘ahu residents are encouraged to visit the website, oneoahu.org to get answers to frequently asked questions about Mayor Caldwell’s “Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order”. If they do not find an answer to their questions on the site, residents can call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov.

Driver’s licensing and Satellite City Halls: All six of the driver licensing centers in the City and County of Honolulu are open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. The online appointment system for appoints for driver licenses and state identification services can be accessed at alohaq.org. The system has been revised to serve the greatest needs first. For assistance with making an appointment, call: (808) 768-4177. Masks or face coverings are required during all in-office visits. For more information, visit honolulu.gov.csd. The Kapahulu Vehicle Reconstruction Inspection Station in the City and County of Honolulu is open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. For assistance, call: (808) 768-4325.

The annual Hawaii State Judiciary juror questionnaires will soon be mailed to individuals who have a Hawaii state driver’s license or are registered to vote in Hawaii. Beginning August 3, approximately 235,000 juror questionnaires will be mailed to 85,000 residents on Oahu, 55,000 in Maui County, 70,000 on Hawaii Island, and 25,000 on Kauai. They are used to help select potential jurors who may be eligible to serve in 2021. Individuals are selected at random. Anyone receiving a questionnaire has 10 days to complete and return it to the Jury Pool Office in the envelope provided. Those who fail to respond may be penalized. To be eligible to serve as a juror, you must be at least 18 years old, a citizen of the United States, a resident of Hawaii, and able to read and understand English. The Hawaii State Department of Health is in varying stages of reviewing and approving the circuit courts’ health-and-safety plans to resume jury selection and jury trials. The plan includes touchless temperature scans and CDC-recommended screening questions before entering a courthouse; required face coverings; enforced social distancing measures; and increased cleaning and disinfecting of our facilities.

TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 2020 7:07 PM

Hawaii Pacific University - M

The committee asked that he consider the public’s safety and issue a directive to judges to require bail prior to release and conditions such as ankle bracelets for quarantine violators.

3. Front line tourism industry workers with direct exposure to visitors

Mr. Jade Butay, Director

Neighborhood Board Commission: Neighborhood boards will resume public meetings beginning June 1. Physical distancing requirements are followed. For meeting information, please contact the NCO at 768-3710, email nco@honolulu.gov, or visit the office’s website at honolulu.gov/nco.

Under the CARES Act, Hawai'i has been given a total of $862,823,978 to support the State and smaller Counties. A separate allocation of $387,176,021 was provided to the City & County of Honolulu. The Senate has proposed allocating the funds in a responsible, prudent and conservative expenditure approach to meet both statewide and county needs. Below are some highlights. $175 million to support the various counties;

To report a possible self-quarantine violation, contact your county police department at 911. The police have access to all data pertaining to airport arrivals.

City and County of Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell announced a new emergency aid program for Oahu residents. Individuals under financial hardship will be eligible for up to $1,000 for basic needs such as rent and utilities, and up to an additional $500 for basic childcare. The program will begin on May 18.

1. Previous COVID-19 positive individuals and their families and close contacts

Leaders of the Hawaii State Teachers Association, Hawaii Government Employees Association, and United Public Workers agreed with a revised Hawaiʻi State Department of Education recommendation to the school board that will adjust the 2020–21 school year calendar, and start students later - from the original August 4 date to August 17. The deal will need the approval of the Hawaiʻi Board Of Education, which will hold a special meeting this Thursday, July 30, at 1 p.m. Ten-month DOE employees will still report to work as planned on Wednesday, July 29. According to HSTA, the agreement would give educators nine (9) additional days of training and preparation time on top of the regularly scheduled two (2) administration days and two (2) teacher preparation days between July 29 and Aug. 3. The extra time “would allow for training, planning, and preparation for the safe return of students to classrooms.” News of the agreement was shared by the unions to its membership, and a statement from Superintendent Dr. Christina Kishimoto was also posted to the DOE website. “HIDOE leadership has been working with the unions throughout the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure our students get the education they deserve and our employees have a safe work environment,” Dr. Kishimoto said. “We have continued these conversations and reached a conditional agreement today to propose a delayed start for students to accommodate concerns regarding employee training.” “Throughout our discussions, we were mindful that any adjustments to the calendar must focus on educating and supporting students,” Kishimoto said. “We also acknowledge the voice of our families, partners and employees who are not represented by the unions yet are impacted by this decision.” “We will use this time to prepare at yet another level, but I recognize this comes at a cost for public school parents and our students,” the Superintendent concluded. “My expectation is that if the Board approves the two week delay, that our labor partners will do an aggressive push to their members to be at schoolhouse doors on day one for our students.”

Mr. Glen Takahashi, City Clerk

Goal #3 - Good health and well-being

MONDAY, MAY 4, 2020 3:20 PM

Mayor Caldwell’s proposal includes the Friday, May 29

Testimony will be provided by Hawaii Executive Collaborative members Paul Yonamine, Duane Kurisu, and Lori Teranishi. Please note that there may be committee members or invited speakers participating remotely via video or teleconference.

Pools

MONDAY, MAY 4, 2020 10:22 AM

Waipahū District Park

THURSDAY, MAY 21, 2020 10:08 AM

Kalama Beach Park

Test participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them.

The 2020 Summer Fun Program will not require any fees or payment on the part of the participating families. In the past, Summer Fun registration was done in-person as a result of these prior payments. This resulted in eager parents waiting for hours, sometimes days, at various park locations to secure a spot for their keiki.

District 2 (Makiki to ʻAiea) - ph. (808) 768-9292

Play areas

Testing is being done from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. today, April 22 at The Church of Jesus Christ of the Latter-Day Saints in Wahiaw

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22, 2020 11:55 AM

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 2021 9:39 AM

Nail technicians

No public testimony will be accepted.

Resiliency Navigator

O‘ahu residents with a hardship or special need outside these parameters can call (808) 768-4177 for assistance.

:

The latest proclamation also allows residents to leave their homes to patronize certain businesses and activities under the new “Safer-at-Home” order.

Previous COVID-19 positive individuals and their families and close contacts

Hawaii Pacific Health

3:00 p.m. Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery & Resiliency Plan

TUESDAY, JUNE 23, 2020 10:44 AM

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 2020 10:19 AM

$40 million for AG enforcement, PPE, payroll, and other department requests;

$1 million for the PUA program (UI for independent contractors & GIG workers);

District 1

Agenda for today's meeting found below. Watch it live on Olelo 49.

The 2020 SFSP is sponsored by the United States Department of Agriculture, and will provide lunch to Summer Fun participants 18 years and younger. SFSP will begin on July 6 and run through July 17 at select, qualified Summer Fun sites. Those participating will be listed on DPR’s website: http://bit.ly/SummerFunOahu

Mililani District Park

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 2021 6:00 PM

Fern Community Park

Wailupe Community Park

Mr. Michael Kamida, Technical Lead and Liaison

The public is reminded that parking lots at the two sites will be closed to the public until 2 p.m. to allow for breakdown of testing tents and clearing of cones and barriers. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Mr. Sean Williams, Vice President

FRIDAY, MAY 8, 2020 12:36 PM

TUESDAY, MARCH 2, 2021 11:00 AM

Antibody testing determines whether a patient had COVID-19 and now has antibodies against the virus; it is not used to determine whether someone currently has the disease. The test also does not tell you whether or not you may be susceptible to getting COVID again. Patients should discuss results with their healthcare provider to understand what the results mean for them.

TUESDAY, MARCH 16, 2021 11:00 AM

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 2020 8:45 PM

Mr. Rodrigo Romo, Program Director

The 10-foot distance requirement does not apply to members of the same performing group.

Reconstructed vehicle inspection is another in-office visit that will be served strictly on an appointment-only basis.

COVID-19 testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex and Kakaʻako Waterfront Park will be available this weekend. Drive-thru testing for COVID-19 will be offered at both locations, but a new Antibody Testing will be offered as well.

Mr. Robert Kurisu, Co-Founder

Hawaii Technology Development Corporation

2:30 p.m.

SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 2021 8:28 PM

Mr. Scott Nago, Chief Election Officer

The state Department of Labor and Industrial Relations is kicking off an alphabetical system to ease the burden on the antiquated technology that has crashed multiple times over the past few weeks.

THURSDAY, MARCH 18, 2021 10:00 AM

Mr. Jon Henricks, County Clerk

The COVID-19 Hardship Relief program will provide funding support to Oahu residents with amounts up to $1,000 per month for qualified household expenses, and up to $500 per month for qualified childcare expenses to aid in lessening economic hardships caused by the pandemic. Each household may receive continued benefits as hardship continues, up to 6 months.

MONDAY, APRIL 5, 2021 9:00 AM

Entertainment areas

The partnering pharmacies throughout the state include: ElixRx Pharmacy, 5 Minute Pharmacy, Foodland Pharmacy, KTA Pharmacy, Pharmacare Hawaii, The Queen’s Medical Center Pharmacy, and Times Pharmacy. As of Friday, the DOH has administered more than 56,000 vaccines and has received 152,650 doses from Moderna and Pfizer-BioNTech combined.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick-up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also stream live online at

TUESDAY, MAY 19, 2020 9:22 AM

The Hawaii State Department of Education (HIDOE) Grab-and-Go school meals program will be extended at select meal sites for an extra four days beyond the end of the school year on May 28 and transition to the summer meal program which runs through July 17. Certain schools will provide meals to children 18 years or younger, free of charge, regardless of eligibility for free or reduced price meals.

The special committee will convene to discuss the impact of COVID-19 on the upcoming elections. Specific topics include the number of Voter Service Centers, available drop boxes, and the steps being taken to ensure the health and safety of voters.

Kamilo Iki Community Park

Agriculture (non-food), such as landscape, ornamental plant growers, and nurseries

Swanzy Beach Park

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 2021 10:00 AM

Queen’s Health Systems

For those who do not have computer or internet access, accommodations are available to facilitate their registration into the program. Please call the Summer Fun site for those accommodations. A list of the 65 program sites is included at the bottom of this announcement for your convenience.

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency -

4:15 p.m. Department of Taxation

More COVID-19 testing will be available at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex and Kakaʻako Waterfront Park this weekend. Drive-thru testing for COVID-19 will be offered at both locations, but a new Antibody Testing will be offered as well.

For each location, follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. This is part of an effort to do focused testing in communities across Oʻahu. Results of the testing will be used to identify COVID-19 “Hot Spots” to help in their containment.

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 2021 9:35 AM

To help lessen demand for appointments, 50,000 letters were sent to O‘ahu residents who qualify to renew their driver licenses or state identification cards either online or by mail. In addition, the federal government announced in April that the start date for REAL ID enforcement has been extended by 12 months to Oct. 1, 2021.

FRIDAY, JUNE 5, 2020 1:33 PM

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be streamed live online at

THURSDAY, APRIL 22, 2021 9:00 AM

Mr. Scott Glenn, Chief Energy Officer

Booth District Park

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 2020 8:48 PM

The letter to the Chief Justice states the concern “that the quarantine orders are being flouted once travelers leave the airport” and that when violators “appear before a judge, often the violators are released on their own recognizance without any measures to ensure no further violations happen.”

is a convenient and safe way to access library books and materials.

Kalihi Valley District Park

Pearl City District Park

“Disturbingly, we have also received reports that the City and County of Honolulu have avoided addressing these public concerns of non-compliance with regularity,” the letter says, and requests that the administration make enforcement of the quarantine “a priority by investigating and arresting people who violate them in our community, including returning residents and vacation rentals…”

Mr. Brandon Kurisu, Coalition Representative

McCully District Park

The Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order allows residents of the City and County of Honolulu to shop at retail businesses and shopping malls that comply with specific operations guidelines that includes allowing all persons in these establishments to maintain physical/social distancing and health and safety standards.

Kahuku Community Park

The committee will be meeting with the following:

WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 2020 10:39 AM

Appointments for in-office visits to satellite city halls will be available starting June 29. To make an online appointment, visit

Dr. Lynn Babington, President

Click here to read more from Civil Beat.

For information on the testing with Transformation Health Network, call 854-3566.

The public is encouraged to participate by submitting written testimony. No in-person testimony will be allowed at this time due to COVID-19. To submit testimony, please visit:

These businesses/operations are required to follow the social distancing requirements in the 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation. They also are encouraged to follow the applicable guidelines recommended by the Centers for Disease Control. Generally, this means they must implement physical distancing requirements such as capacity limits and ensuring 6 feet or more between individuals using floor markings and signage; limit in-person work when possible; reduce the number of high-touch surfaces and objects as much as possible; reconfigure workplace to enable physical distancing if possible; communicate health and safety protocols to all employees, customers and visitors.

Pu‘unui Community Park

There will be no discrimination in the course of the meal service, as they will be served regardless of race, color, creed, national origin, sex, or disability.

Makiki District Park

Certain real estate services. All real property sales and management activities must be accomplished by remote/electronic means whenever possible. Restrictions and permitted real estate services are outlined in Emergency Order No. 2020-09;

Hālawa District Park

Auto Dealerships

Goal #7 - Affordable and clean energy

MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 2021 9:52 AM

For more information, please visit their website at librarieshawaii.org

The Hawai‘i State Senate’s 2020 session was originally scheduled to take place from January 15 to May 7, but the Senate was forced to recess in mid-March due to the COVID-19 emergency. The Senate held a two week reconvene on May 11 to pass time-sensitive budget bills and nominations from the governor.

Waimānalo Beach Park

Mayor Caldwell’s proposal is included in the second amendment to the City and County of Honolulu’s Emergency Order No. 2020-16, posted online at www.honolulu.gov

to read the full press release.

THURSDAY, APRIL 23, 2020 12:44 PM

Dr. Sarah Park, State Epidemiologist

Keiki participants will be within the same group for the entire program.

DPR is still hiring for those interested in working as Summer Fun Aides. Please click here if you are interested in fun, seasonal work opportunity, or call the District Office of the location where you would like to work (listed below)

Childcare services, licensed or authorized under the law

For more information, visit

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 2021 12:00 PM

THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2020 10:20 AM

June 19: Indoor operations such as:

Performers who sing or play wind instruments must keep a distance of at least 10 feet from other people.

Kāne‘ohe Community Park

Longs Drugs pharmacies begin offering COVID-19 vaccinations daily

Occupancy is limited at all times to no more than one (1) person per 200 square feet of the gross operation area (which equates to approximately 50 percent of the maximum occupancy load).

VACCINE APPOINTMENT AND SITE INFORMATION:

The Honolulu Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) is excited to announce a modified version of Summer Fun will be held this year. The program will be offered at no charge to O‘ahu families with Mayor Caldwell waiving the fees for the summer day camp.

Kalaniana‘ole Beach Park

FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 2020 9:46 AM

Out-of-state travelers arriving in Hawai‘i must get a PCR test prior to arrival from any testing location approved by the Hawai‘i State Department of Health. Evidence of a negative test result must be provided upon arrival in Hawai‘i. Without this, passengers arriving from out-of-state will be subject to the 14-day quarantine.

TUESDAY, MARCH 9, 2021 11:00 AM

District 4 (Waialua to Waimānalo) - ph. (808) 768-8980

Vaccinations are by appointment only

Beretania Community Park

Gov. Ige announced all travelers arriving in Hawai‘i from out-of-state will be required to get a valid COVID-19 test prior to their arrival, and to show proof of a negative test result, to avoid the 14-day quarantine. The pre-travel testing program begins Aug. 1.

WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 2020 11:25 AM

1:30 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29, 2020 2:14 PM

2:00 p.m. Department of Health -

Click

Participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information including insurance if available and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head here.

Enchanted Lake Community Park

THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 2021 12:30 PM

Salt Lake District Park

The elimination of prohibitions related to beaches, boating, hiking and shoreline fishing, as these activities are being addressed through the counties in coordination with the state Department of Land and Natural Resources.

Goal #11 - Sustainable cities and communities:

. The system will allow appointments only for those licenses expiring in June. (This includes licenses and state IDs with March expiration dates that were previously granted a 90-day extension under a state emergency order.) Later in the month, open appointment slots will be offered driver licenses and state IDs with July expiration dates. (This would include those with April expiration dates that were similarly extended by emergency order to July.)

If you are having difficulty filing your unemployment insurance 24/7, you may be clicking on the wrong link. Follow these steps to complete your filing and avoid error messages:

Food-court dining areas (except for delivery or carry out)

Bring the following items with you to the "Food For Hawai‘i's ‘Ohana" distribution: a pen, completed Household Information Form(s) and a valid government-issued ID for each household.

Staff or keiki will not be allowed to participate in the program if they are sick, have been in contact with someone diagnosed with COVID-19, or have traveled out-of-state within the past 14 days.

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 2020 10:21 AM

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 2021 9:31 AM

On Tuesday, May 12, Transformation Health Network will conduct testing in the parking lot at Kalihi Union Church, 2214 North King Street from 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Entry will be from the driveway on Umi Street. Walk-up individuals are welcome also.

for “personal service providers” including:

Qualified expenses will be paid directly to the vendor on behalf of the applicant.

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 2021 4:00 PM

Within shopping malls, the following must remain closed:

Travelers may be prohibited from boarding a flight if they have an elevated temperature above 100.4 degrees, they refuse to complete the mandatory form, or they are on the 14-day quarantine list prohibiting them from flying.

Hawaii Tourism Authority

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 2021 10:00 AM

$8 million to DLIR for IT Modernization, UI Program Enhancements, and facility and staff support;

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 16, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 17, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 2020 8:59 PM

Goal #4 - Quality education

Another $56 million will be used to bring back small businesses, support training and job programs connecting unemployed with local businesses in need of employees, and provide manufacturing grants to local companies that can create local supply chains for necessary cleaning supplies and personal protection equipment (PPE).

To view the guidelines, head here -

Grave site visits are also being added as an Essential Activity. All of the added reopening of certain businesses are with limitations. The restated Stay at Home Order incorporates prior orders, including but not limited to, ordering all individuals living within the City to stay at their place of residence except for Essential Activities, Governmental Functions, or to operate Essential Businesses, mandating employees and visitors of Essential Businesses to wear a non-medical grade face covering mandate, and the ban of all public and private gatherings of any number of people occurring outside a single household or living unit.

Dr. Edward Desmond, Administrator

MONDAY, JUNE 22, 2020 8:45 AM

The Health Department is still in the process of developing this program but anticipates requiring an FDA-approved PCR test from a CLIA certified laboratory. Travelers will be required to provide printed or emailed pre-test certification as evidence of a negative test result. Travelers will be responsible for the cost of the pre-travel test.

Since in-office visits were suspended nine weeks ago, more than 44,000 driver license and state ID appointments had to be canceled.

MONDAY, APRIL 19, 2021 8:00 AM

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, June 27, by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing will be from 8 a.m. – 2 p.m.

On weekends and holidays, that time is from 9 a.m. to 11 p.m.

TUESDAY, MARCH 30, 2021 9:49 AM

Observatories & Support Facilities

Due to the recent uptick in COVID-19 cases, drive-thru testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be available this weekend.

Department of Environmental Services: Regular curbside refuse, green waste, and recycling service is still being conducted. Convenience centers and transfer stations remain open. Please note, all in-person services are suspended. Visit opala.org for more information.

Changes to the amended Stay at Home Order add the limited reopening of certain designated businesses and operations such as:

Appointments can be made at

during the COVID-19 crisis. The departments have announced subsidy changes to its assistance program for families and providers and are encouraging more families to apply. Get more information about applying to Child Care Connection Hawai‘i online by clicking on this link - bit.ly/ApplyCCCH.

Mr. David Sikkink, Administrator

‘Ewa Beach Community Park

, starting Thursday, May 28. This includes:

The legislative branch will reopen beginning June 1, 2020. Each Senate office and support staff office will be expected to resume normal business hours on that date. For more details, please read the memo dated May 22, 2020, from the Senate President: Reopening of Legislative Branch - June 1, 2020

THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2020 10:24 AM

Goal #16 - Peace, justice, and strong institutions

SUPERINTENDENT SAYS SCHOOLS COULD REALISTICALLY REOPEN FULLY IN FALL 2021; SOME HIGH SCHOOLS CAN HOLD LIMITED IN-PERSON COMMENCEMENT CEREMONIES

The City and County of Honolulu will soon be launching the COVID-19 Hardship Relief Program to help those most economically impacted by shutdowns to prevent the spread of the coronavirus. Scheduled to launch on May 18, the relief fund can be used to assist with basic needs including as rent, eligible utilities, childcare, and other essential expenses.

Similar outdoor facilities

TUESDAY, MAY 26, 2020 12:05 PM

The Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order can be found here.

Staff and keiki will be provided hand sanitizer.

Lanakila District Park

In addition, travelers will be required to fill out the State Travel and Health form.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 2021 10:00 AM

with limitations

Water parks

. Businesses that provide services such as private tutoring, certain music instrument lessons, etc., on a one-on-one basis, that comply with social distancing requirements;

‘Āhuimanu Community Park

‪Starting 5 a.m. Saturday, City parks will be reopened to exercise only. Exercise includes running, walking, jogging and biking. However, no camping, using tennis courts, basketball courts, play equipment, off-leash dog parks, baseball, volleyball, etc.

Mr. Len Higashi, Acting Executive Director

Kilauea District Park

Game rooms

Mayor Kirk Caldwell announced that certain Oauhu businesses will be allowed to open with limitations. This Order is effective from 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, April 30 through 4:30 p.m. on May 18.

No testing will be provided upon arrival at the airport.

Designated spaces will be made for each group, with activities conducted on a rotating basis.

Appointments can be made on AlohaQ.org.

Department of Parks and Recreation: City parks, courts, fields and parking lots are open. City skate parks and off-leash dog parks will reopen on Friday, May 29. The Koko Head Shooting Complex, city archery ranges, People’s Open Markets, and pools (lap swim only) are scheduled to reopen on Friday, June 5. The five Honolulu Botanical Gardens are open for passive use. This means no camping, garden tours, or recreational programs will be offered at that time. Other park facilities remain closed to the public, such as: playgrounds, campgrounds, gyms, and recreation buildings. Please be advised that lifeguards are not stationed in their regular towers but are instead on roving patrols. Stand-alone comfort stations are open but they will be closed during cleaning, maintenance, and regular park closure hours. For more information, please visit honolulu.gov/parks.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 2021 9:00 PM

Ms. Kathy Sokugawa, Acting Director

Mr. Scott Murakami, Director

TUESDAY, MAY 26, 2020 8:26 AM

WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 2020 2:44 PM

THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 2021 9:00 AM

TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 2020 8:53 AM

Online Registration begins Thursday, June 18 at 6 p.m.

11:00 a.m. Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

Here’s how it works

‘Āina Haina Community Park

The Legislature’s proposed plan builds upon UHERO’s estimates that $618 million in spending will generate more than $1 billion in Gross Domestic Product over the coming year and help Hawaiʻi’s households and businesses by supporting up to 6,500 jobs. The plan provides discretion to the Ige Administration to spend the remaining CARES funds to pay for unanticipated and emerging needs. This discretionary amount could be used to bolster Hawaiʻi’s unemployment insurance funds or support COVID-19 related programs.

This software was successfully used for shooters to make reservations at the Koko Head Shooting Complex beginning on Wednesday, June 3, and will serve a larger capacity in DPR registration and reservations in the future.

Asing Community Park

Gov. Ige announced that the state will be lifting the 14-day quarantine requirement for inter-island travelers, effective June 16.

resumption of operations

The governor is expected to extend the 14-day quarantine for travelers through June 30. This comes as the governor announced that he intends to continue Hawaii’s safer-at-home order through June 30. The Hawaii Tourism Authority, Department of Transportation, and other state agencies are working with the airlines to toughen the entry restrictions, to include revising the visitor arrival form, requiring the flight crew to complete the form, seeking to confirm return flights, increasing the screening staff at airports, stiffening hotel quarantines, enforcing rules on car rentals, and confirming hotel or home stays, among others. The COVID-19 committee met with the Police Chief, representatives from the Courts, and the Prosecutor's Office to coordinate enforcement of the 14-day quarantine. There were general agreements for a maximum bail of $2,000 for quarantine violators. Arraignment would be done virtually within 48-72 hours. Police statistics for Emergency Proclamation violations from March 20 to May 14 included 9,313 warnings, 5,244 citations, and 292 arrests.

Makakilo Community Park

THURSDAY, MAY 28, 2020 8:57 AM

Museums

On May 14, the Senate was briefed on the State Administration’s proposal for $1.25 billion appropriated under the federal Coronavirus Aid Relief & Economic Security (CARES) Act. Senate Bill 75 SD2 HD1 passed out of the House Finance Committee and will now head to the full House for a vote next week. Concerns remain regarding how agencies will spend these funds, such as economic support to those most affected during this pandemic.

The six driver licensing centers on O‘ahu reopened May 26 for in-office visits also on an appointment-only basis.

The Executive Office on Early Learning is working closely with the Department of Human Services and other agencies and stakeholders to coordinate early childhood care

Attendance Limits:

Safety Protocols:

Other beauty operators

District 1 (Hawaiʻi Kai to McCully) - ph. (808) 768-8944

service is not available at the following libraries: Liliha, McCully, Pearl City and the Hawaii State Library. No book donations will be accepted at this time.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 2021 3:00 PM

Koko Head District Park

For more information on the testing run by Kalihi Kai Urgent Care, call (808) 841-2273.

THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2020 10:28 AM

Mā‘ili Community Park*

Ms. Kathy Kaohu, County Clerk

Retail & Repair Services, such as apparel, florists, watch & surfboard repair (Note: retail does not re-open in City & County of Honolulu until May 15, and retail & most repair will not re-open in Maui county.)

Office of Elections

The City’s “COVID-19 Guidance for Business” is followed to the greatest extent possible.

$14 million to the DOH for contact tracing/testing, vaccination and contract tracing staff, investigation and infection control, PPE and supplies;

FRIDAY, MAY 22, 2020 2:00 PM

No public testimony will be accepted.If you require special assistance, please call 586-6800 or email your request to waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 2021 9:16 AM

WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 2020 11:16 AM

Kailua District Park

FRIDAY, MAY 8, 2020 12:28 PM

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 2021 11:55 AM

Waimānalo District Park

University of Hawaii – School of Nursing and Dental Hygiene -

appointment time to pick up their item(s).

Dr. Eugene Tian, Chief State Economist

Paki Community Park

THURSDAY, MAY 7, 2020 10:06 AM

Ms. Rona Suzuki, Director

Pet Grooming Services

Public Transportation - TheBus and TheHandi-Van: These services are operating with increased sanitary precautions for passenger and driver safety and health. Visit thebus.org or call 848-5555 for up-to-date schedules and information. The TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is open for in-person assessments for those extending or applying for eligibility. Distancing practices must be followed. TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is located at the First Insurance Center, 1100 Ward Avenue, Suite 835. For questions or to schedule an assessment, call (808) 538-0033, Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

– sales and leasing activities (with restrictions);

Every1ne Hawaii -

WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 2020 4:50 PM

WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 2020 12:06 PM

Movie theatres

The Household Information Form can be downloaded below: A separate form must be filled out for each household represented in the vehicle.

To allow access to the proceedings, the Senate will be providing live streams of all Senate hearings and floor sessions in real time, on YouTube and/or ‘Ōlelo and neighbor island cable networks, with live closed captioning. A list of upcoming and archived Senate hearings is available here: http://olelo.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=13

MONDAY, MARCH 22, 2021 10:00 AM

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 23, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 24, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

On Friday, April 24, Kalihi Kai Urgent Care will be conducting testing at ʻEwa Mahiko District Park in ʻEwa Beach. Testing at 91-1205 Renton Road will run from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.

Ms. Georja Skinner, Chief Officer

The amended bill states (HB117), “Due to the unprecedented economic downturn resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the legislature believes that continued implementation of the commission's recommendations for the executive and judicial branches, and planned adjustments for the legislature, is irresponsible at this time and should be deferred.”

Children must be six years old before Aug. 1, 2020 and not older than thirteen years old by July 28, 2020 to qualify. The modified Summer Fun will still utilize Junior Leaders.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on Olelo channel 49 on Oahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels.

THURSDAY, MAY 14, 2020 3:34 PM

Food will be distributed for approximately 4,000 households or WHILE SUPPLIES LAST.

12:00 p.m. Department of Health, State Laboratories

Building Permit Applications: Available by appointment only. Self-service permits are available online at honolulu.gov/dpp.

Please note that these operations may have altered hours. Please visit their websites before going to the location for services.

$637 million to be deposited into the state's rainy day fund to be allocated in subsequent sessions.

MONDAY, MAY 18, 2020 10:09 AM

Waikele Community Park

Click here to read more from KITV4 news.

Only Ala Moana Satellite City Hall will temporarily remain closed to in-office visits as it prepares to relocate within the shopping center.

Board of Water Supply: Water service remains operational and the water is safe to drink. Testing is conducted daily. BWS account services are available online at boardofwatersupply.com, by mail, or by phone. In-person services are suspended.

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 2020 10:10 AM

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29, 2020 4:02 PM

Mr. Chris Tatum, CEO

SafePaths -

For patrons who placed their holds during the closure, their item(s) are ready for pick up after the patron schedules a

AN ADULT FROM EACH HOUSEHOLD MUST BE PRESENT WITH A VALID GOVERNMENT-ISSUED ID.

Feeding Hawaii Together, a non-profit organization,is currently providing food to the public. The organization is located at 2522 Rose Street. Visit thepantry.org to register for food remotely, visually see the food available, place an order, then receive a day/time for pick-up. This allows to continue to provide urgently needed food, while conforming to all of the COVID-19 safety requirements.They distribute food 3 days per week.

2. After receiving a notice that their item(s) are ready for pick up, patrons can schedule a Library Take Out time at picktime.com/hspls.

THURSDAY, MAY 21, 2020 9:33 AM

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 7, 2021 11:00 AM

Safety Protocols

Arcades

Kanewai Community Park

1:00 p.m.

TO FILE A CLAIM OR CHECK YOUR STATUS

The proclamation also includes:

Maintenance staff will clean bathroom facilities twice daily.

Before attending a distribution, please make sure your vehicle's back seat, trunk, hatchback and/or tailgate are emptied and prepared to receive food.

The number of new COVID-19 cases is expected to rise once travel is re-opened. However, the State Department of Health has begun the process of training 500 new contact tracers, exceeding the recommended standards set by the Centers for Disease Control, and is exploring other screening and testing procedures.

Mr. Greg Barbour, Executive Director

Registration:

Kapaolono Community Park

The distribution organizers reserve the right to refuse service to individuals who do not comply with the rules established for this food distribution.

The proposal also allows the following to resume operations with modifications:

Shopping Malls – limited to retail and repair services (Note: shopping malls are not reopening in Maui county.)

Gov. David Ige approved Mayor Kirk Caldwell’s proposal to safely re-open more businesses and operations on O‘ahu, under guidelines that will ensure the safety of employees and customers.

THURSDAY, APRIL 23, 2020 3:55 PM

A public-private partnership — that includes the City and County of Honolulu, Aloha United Way, the Council for Native Hawaiian Advancement, Helping Hands Hawaii, and other service providers — will work directly with individuals and families dealing with economic hardship to administer these resources and ensure Oahu residents have the support they need.

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 2021 8:03 PM

Public Access:

District 4

Waiau District Park

The governor noted that the next step in re-opening air travel will be restoring out-of-state travel to the islands in a safe manner. He has been working on plans to do this said he would announce them soon.

Under Phase 1 of the state’s re-opening, the following businesses and operations can re-open starting May 7, 2020 at 12:01 a.m. However, everyone is advised to check the restrictions in place in each county, as they may differ.

Starting next week, those whose last name starts with the letters A through G should file on Mondays.

Fitness centers

DOH TO PARTNER WITH PHARMACIES STATEWIDE TO PROVIDE COVID-19 VACCINE

Goal #10 - Reduced inequalities:

Kaimuki Community Park

Summer Fun Sites 2020:

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 2021 9:38 AM

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. The meeting will also be livestreaming on

Veterans Affairs

THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 2021 9:07 AM

Pililā‘au Community Park

12:45p.m. Department of the Attorney General -

Goal #17 - Partnership for the goals

No pubic testimony will be accepted.

.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 2021 9:48 AM

THURSDAY, MAY 14, 2020 11:48 AM

1:15 p.m. Department of Health

Wilson Community Park

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 2021 12:00 PM

FRIDAY, MARCH 5, 2021 9:00 AM

The times to file are Monday through Friday from 6:30 a.m. to 11 p.m.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be livestreamed via http://olelo.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=13.

The Hawaii State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 will hold a hearing today at noon live on ‘Olelo 49.


=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.donnamercadokim.com/news/#got-questions-about-the-covid-19-vaccines=====

 <tag> h2




OAHU MOVES TO TIER 3 OF REOPENING STRATEGY

VACCINE APPOINTMENT AND SITE INFORMATION:

COVID-19 VACCINATION AVAILABILITY

Before attending a distribution, please make sure your vehicle's back seat, trunk, hatchback and/or tailgate are emptied and prepared to receive food.

Food will be distributed for approximately 4,000 households or WHILE SUPPLIES LAST.

Bring the following items with you to the "Food For Hawai‘i's ‘Ohana" distribution: a pen, completed Household Information Form(s) and a valid government-issued ID for each household.

 <tag> h3


SENATE COVID-19 TO MEET TOMORROW

QUARANTINE LIFTED FOR INTER-ISLAND TRAVEL STARTING JUNE 16

SATELLITE CITY HALLS TO REOPEN JULY 1

Kaiser Permanente

AIRPORTS AND HEALTH DEPARTMENTS AMONG OTHERS TO MEET WITH SENATE COMMITTEE TOMORROW

SENATE SPECIAL COMMITTEE CONVENES APRIL 28

COVID-19 Variants and the Vaccine: What You Should Know

All Residents 16+ Are Becoming Eligible April 19

HAWAII STATE SENATE ANNOUNCES OPERATIONAL CHANGES AHEAD OF 2021 LEGISLATIVE SESSION

SENATE COVID-19 MEETS TODAY TO DISCUSS ELECTIONS

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH RED HILL CONTESTED CASE HEARING

PUBLIC LIBRARY LAUNCHES TAKE OUT SYSTEM

OAHU DRIVER LICENSING & STATE ID SERVICES RESTART BY APPOINTMENT ONLY

HAWAII DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH PREPARES FOR SECOND PRIORITY POPULATION GROUP TO BEGIN RECEIVING COVID-19 VACCINE

State expands eligibility to more Phase 1c essential workers on Monday

SENATORS DEFER PAY RAISES RECOMMENDED BY SALARY COMMISSION

COVID-19 Vaccine Update

GET UPDATES

GOVERNOR APPROVES MORE BUSINESSES TO OPEN

AlohaSafe Alert: Add your phone to fight against COVID-19

Hawaii State Legislature Website

2021 Session

FREE FOOD FOR THE COMMUNITY

Who is eligible to get the vaccine and how do I sign-up?

HAWAII HEALTHCARE WORKERS BEGIN RECEIVING 2ND DOSE OF COVID-19 VACCINE

SUMMER FOOD SERVICE STUDENT MEALS

DLIR IMPLEMENTS FILING CERTIFICATION DAYS BASED ON LAST NAME

OAHU BEACHES CLEARED TO OPEN

QUARANTINE EXTENDED FOR OUT-OF-STATE TRAVELERS TILL JULY 31

PRESCHOOL OPEN DOORS PROGRAM ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS

Beware of COVID-19 vaccine scams!

STATE TO LAUNCH COVID-19 PRE-TRAVEL TESTING PROGRAM FOR OUT-OF-STATE TRAVELERS AUGUST 1

FOOD DISTRIBUTION AT ALOHA STADIUM TOMORROW, MAY 22

5 Things Hawaii residents need to know about COVID-19 variants

COVID-19 COMMITTEE SENDS CONCERNS TO CHIEF JUSTICE AND MAYOR

GOVERNOR EXTENDS STAY-AT-HOME ORDER TILL MAY 31

CITY PARKS TO REOPEN THIS SATURDAY WITH LIMITED ACTIVITY

OAHU SHOPPING AND RETAIL STORES CAN OPEN MAY 15

Vaccination Eligibility for Individuals 70+

COVID-19 Vaccination Availability

New resource! Booklet helps you and your loved ones develop a COVID-19 care plan

FREE TESTING TOMORROW, MAY 12

OAHU DRIVER LICENSING, STATE ID SERVICES RESTART BY APPOINTMENT ONLY

Longs Drugs pharmacies begin offering COVID-19 vaccinations daily

VEHICLE SAFETY CHECKS FOR REGISTRATION TEMPORARILY HALTED

Why Get Vaccinated?

SENATE COVID-19 COMMITTEE MEETS TODAY

STATE SENATE RECONVENES FOR THREE WEEK SESSION

New Service Simplifies COVID-19 Vaccination Registration Process For Kupuna

More People Are Eligible To Get Vaccinated In Hawaii

LEGISLATURE TO REOPEN JUNE 1; CAPITOL REMAINS CLOSED TO THE PUBLIC

THOUSANDS IN HAWAIʻI EXPECTED TO BENEFIT FROM EMERGENCY FOOD STAMPS, PANDEMIC SCHOOL MEAL PROGRAM

JUROR QUESTIONNAIRES BEING MAILED AUG 3

SENATE SPECIAL COMMITTEE CONVENES TOMORROW

Are You Fully Vaccinated?

SENATE REVIEWS LEGISLATIVE BUDGET

COVID-19 EMERGENCY AID PROGRAM FOR OAHU RESIDENTS

LEGISLATURE RECONVENING MAY 11

NEW TESTING SITES AVAILABLE

COVID-19 Vaccine Call Center For General Public & Health Providers

2021 SENATE LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM PRIORITIZES TEN UNITED NATIONS SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS

NEWS

Who is eligible to get the vaccine right now?

FREE COVID-19 AND ANTIBODY TESTING THIS WEEKEND

QUARANTINE AND SAFER-AT-HOME ORDER EXTENDED THROUGH JUNE 30

SINGERS, MUSICIANS ALLOWED BACK IN RESTAURANTS AND BARS

THE ALOHASAFE ALERT APP

COVID-19 AND ANTIBODY TESTING THIS WEEKEND

Tracking Hawaiiʻs progress: How are we doing as a state?

2021 Legislative Session

Hawaii Pacific Health

FIRST ROUND OF BUSINESSES SET TO OPEN

Vaccinations Expand to Hawaii Residents 60+ on Monday

THEATERS, GYMS, AND BARS GIVEN THE GREEN LIGHT TO OPEN JUNE 19

Updates on COVID-19 Vaccine

Department of Health expands mental health assistance in response to the ongoing pandemic

DOH TO PARTNER WITH PHARMACIES STATEWIDE TO PROVIDE COVID-19 VACCINE

OAHU MOVES TO TIER 3 OF REOPENING STRATEGY

SENATE SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON COVID-19 HOLDS MEETING TOMORROW

FREE TESTING TOMORROW

SENATE COVID-19 COMMITTEE MEETS TODAY TO DISCUSS REOPENING THE ECONOMY

FREE COVID TESTING IN KALIHI MAY 5

FREE COVID-19 TESTING THIS WEEKEND

Queen's Health Systems

HECO EXTENDS MORATORIUM ON SERVICE DISCONNECTIONS THROUGH JUNE 30

FREE MENTAL HEALTH SERVICES

CITY TO REOPEN CERTAIN BUSINESSES ON MAY 1

APPLY FOR CHILD CARE SERVICES

CITY FACILITIES THAT ARE OPEN

Are you eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Hawaii?

UPDATE - FILING FOR UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE

COVID-19 HARDSHIP RELIEF PROGRAM

LEGISLATURE ANNOUNCE PLAN TO USE CARES FUNDS

PUBLIC SCHOOLS REOPENING PUSHED TO AUG 17

SUPERINTENDENT SAYS SCHOOLS COULD REALISTICALLY REOPEN FULLY IN FALL 2021; SOME HIGH SCHOOLS CAN HOLD LIMITED IN-PERSON COMMENCEMENT CEREMONIES

FREE MODIFIED SUMMER FUN

Got Questions About The COVID-19 Vaccines

FLORISTS CAN OPEN ON MAY 1

 <tag> strong




Automated service providers

Approach to Job Creation:

Department of the Attorney General

Kaiser Permanente

Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

Chaminade University -

County of Kaua'i

DO NOT

Oahu

The partnering pharmacies throughout the state include: ElixRx Pharmacy, 5 Minute Pharmacy, Foodland Pharmacy, KTA Pharmacy, Pharmacare Hawaii, The Queen’s Medical Center Pharmacy, and Times Pharmacy. As of Friday, the DOH has administered more than 56,000 vaccines and has received 152,650 doses from Moderna and Pfizer-BioNTech combined.

Honolulu Police Department

Hawaii Pacific University -

Pacific International Space Center for Exploration Systems

*ALL VACCINES ADMINISTERED ARE BY APPOINTMENT ONLY*

Queen’s Health Systems

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency -

District 1 (Hawaiʻi Kai to McCully) -

State expands eligibility to more Phase 1c essential workers on Monday

Phase 1c:

Research & Economic Analysis

View Vaccine Registration Directory

I EXPECTED TO BENEFIT FROM EMERGENCY FOOD STAMPS, PANDEMIC SCHOOL MEAL PROGRAM

AlohaSafe Alert works in a simple 5-step process: download, diagnose, verify, notify and quarantine.

Business Development & Support Division

AlohaSafe Alert: Add your phone to fight against COVID-19

CVS/Longs Drugs

The State Capitol building will remain closed to the public at least through June 30, 2020

Learn More About Kū Makani FREE Mental Health Resources

Hawaii Executive Collaborative

County of Hawai'i

Board of Water Supply:

Attendance Limits:

Safety Protocols:

Who is eligible to get the vaccine and how do I sign-up?

1)Are the variants here in Hawai‘i?

Building Permit Applications:

Department of Health -

How to Register for the Vaccine

PRESCHOOL OPEN DOORS PROGRAM ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS

Office of Elections

Department of Planning and Permitting

District 2

THOUSANDS IN HAWAI

If you are in this vaccination group, please follow these instructions:

Food Service Program:

University of Hawaii – School of Nursing and Dental Hygiene -

Aloha Trace -

Dr. Libby Char

Download and Share Home Care Booklet

Mandatory 14-day quarantine for travelers, eviction moratorium also continue

Neighbor Islands: Maui, Kauai & Hawaii

EXHIBIT G,

Who is next in line for vaccinations?

New resource! Booklet helps you and your loved ones develop a COVID-19 care plan

Every1ne Hawaii -

Location:

District 3

The legislative branch will reopen beginning June 1, 2020

AGENDA

effective June 16

Public and private golf courses

5. Should I wear two masks?

long-term care facility residents

Longs Drugs pharmacies begin offering COVID-19 vaccinations daily

If you are a senior age 75 or older, you are now eligible to register for the COVID-19 vaccine.

View List of Vaccination Providers

District 2 (Makiki to ʻAiea) -

Department of Environmental Services:

Plan to Make Your Vaccination Appointment

kp.org/register

Public Transportation - TheBus and TheHandi-Van:

District 4 (Waialua to Waimānalo) -

Kū Makani crisis counseling hours:

Hawaii State Energy Office

Certain real estate services.

Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery & Resiliency Plan

appointment only.

Natural Energy Laboratory of Hawaii Authority

New service simplifies COVID-19 vaccination registration process for kūpuna

New and used car and truck dealerships

Vaccinations expand to Hawai‘i residents 60+ on Monday

Learn More About Variant Detection in Hawai‘i

indoor

Department of Human Resources Development

Department of Health, State Laboratories

Hawaii Quarantine Kapu Breakers

Department of Health

Mobile service providers

CVS cannot administer vaccinations to walk-in customers without an appointment.

2. Should I be concerned about this new U.K. variant?

County of Maui

SafePaths -

Department of the Attorney General -

GDP History, Outlook, and Potential Sector Growth:

Learn more about the Kūpuna Call Center

Airlines for America

Services provided on a one-one-one bases

Department of Transportation

Department of Transportation – Airports Division

Phase 1-B

TO FILE A CLAIM OR CHECK YOUR STATUS

Creative Industries Division

View Vaccine FAQs

**

Hawaii Tourism Authority

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 16, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 17, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

Registration:

https://www.cvs.com/immunizations/covid-19-vaccine

Phase 2:

PLEASE NOTE:

Clinic Hours of Operation:

3. Will the COVID-19 vaccines protect me from the variants?

Who is eligible to get the vaccine right now?

View the Latest Data on COVID-19 Cases and Vaccinations

Kathleen Merriam

District 3 (Pearlridge to Waiʻanae to Wahiawā) -

frontline essential workers

Locations:

Caroline Cadirao

View Hawaii's Vaccine Timeline and Who's Next in Line

Tracking Hawaiiʻs progress: How are we doing as a state?

Foreign Trade Zone Division

View 5 Things You Can Do to Avoid Vaccine Scams

Hawaii Pacific Health

Department of Parks and Recreation:

District 4

City and County of Honolulu

Neighborhood Board Commission:

Phase 1a:

Phase 1b:

Driver’s licensing and Satellite City Halls:

Department of Health expands mental health assistance in response to the ongoing pandemic

DOH TO PARTNER WITH PHARMACIES STATEWIDE TO PROVIDE COVID-19 VACCINE

District 1

View Fast Facts About the COVID-19 Vaccine

Summer Fun Sites 2020:

Veterans Affairs

View Directory of Vaccination Providers

98-1005 Moanalua Rd #400 Aiea, HI 96701

health care workers

Hawaii Agriculture Foundation

Download the essential workers vaccination toolkit

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency

ages 65 to 74

Department of Taxation

over the age of 75

4. What is the state doing to stop the spread?

SUPERINTENDENT SAYS SCHOOLS COULD REALISTICALLY REOPEN FULLY IN FALL 2021; SOME HIGH SCHOOLS CAN HOLD LIMITED IN-PERSON COMMENCEMENT CEREMONIES

Phase 1-A

Clinic Hours of Operation

Hawaii Technology Development Corporation

 <tag> p




Ala Pu‘umalu Community Park

Due to the pandemic, the State Capitol building remains closed to the public at this time.

Sen. Schatz reports that an estimated 33,000 people in Hawai‘i will benefit from the allotment.

Hau‘ula Community Park

Please visit the Kū Makani website and social media for details about the program, services, upcoming events and island-specific resources: https://www.kumakani.org

In addition, social distancing requirements remain in place across the state through the end of May.

Mr. Alan Oshima, Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery and Resiliency Navigator

2:30 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

As we look forward to the freedom that lower numbers and more vaccinations promise, we must all show our spirit of kīnā‘ole. Doing the right thing, in the right way, in the right place, for the right reason, with the right feeling! This spirit of kīnā‘ole has contributed to Hawaii’s hopeful trends, so let’s continue to maintain safe physical distancing and wear our face masks, and not become complacent.

County of Kaua'i

Mr. Dennis Ling, Administrator

The Hawai‘i State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 sent letters to Hawai‘i Supreme Court Chief Justice Mark Recktenwald and Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell expressing concerns about the enforcement of the travel quarantine orders put into effect by Governor David Ige.

1)Are the variants here in Hawai‘i? Multiple variants that cause COVID-19 are circulating globally, and two variants have been detected in Hawai‘i. Specimens from four people in Hawai‘i contained a molecular “clue” associated with the U.K. variant. While scientists are working to learn more about how widely these new variants have spread, Hawai‘i residents and visitors should act as if the variants are already circulating in our state. 2. Should I be concerned about this new U.K. variant? “It’s cause for concern but not panic,” says Dr. Sarah Kemble, acting state epidemiologist. The U.K. variant spreads more easily and quickly than other variants, which may lead to more cases of COVID-19. State labs are collecting samples from patients across all islands to proactively get a head start. 3. Will the COVID-19 vaccines protect me from the variants? So far, studies suggest that antibodies your body has or will develop through vaccination recognize these variants. This is good news about the effectiveness of the vaccine. Close investigation and more studies are underway. 4. What is the state doing to stop the spread? Vaccinations statewide are underway. As of Thursday, 189,446 doses have been administered. Because some variants are highly contagious, they will affect how many people in Hawai‘i will need to get the vaccine to stop or slow it in its tracks. When it’s your turn to get a shot, don’t hesitate. This has become a race between the virus and the vaccine. 5. Should I wear two masks? It’s recommended that masks have two or more layers, which can be achieved by doubling masks. If you do choose to double mask, make sure the masks cover your mouth and nose and that you can breathe comfortably through them. As our state awaits receiving more vaccine supply for our kūpuna and essential workers, it is more important than ever to rigorously follow safe practices, including wearing a face mask, physical distancing, hand hygiene, gathering safely, and isolation and quarantine. Small actions will make a big difference in limiting the spread of the virus and protecting our communities.

Senate President Ronald D. Kouchi, State House Speaker Scott K. Saiki, Senator Donovan M. Dela Cruz, and Representative Sylvia Luke announced the Legislature’s comprehensive plan to use $635 million in federal CARES Act funds to provide ongoing, immediate relief to residents and small businesses who are suffering from the devastating economic shutdown caused by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. The plan aims to support and reinforce the social safety net for our residents, rebuild and move our economy forward, and address the ongoing pandemic.

Pacific International Space Center for Exploration Systems

Finally, Wednesdays are for P through Z.

Sunset Beach Recreation Center

Hawaiian Electric has suspended service disconnections for nonpayment through June 30 to ensure customers’ electricity needs are met as stay-at-home orders are extended due to the coronavirus pandemic.

O‘ahu kūpuna who donʻt feel comfortable with the online registration process can now call AUW's 2-1-1 hotline to receive help scheduling a COVID-19 vaccination appointment. Kūpuna age 65 and above may call the hotline 7 a.m.-10 p.m. seven days a week. Language translation is available. AUW's team of trained specialists will take basic information from callers and then St. Francis Healthcare System will call back to walk kūpuna through the registration process. Transportation to the vaccination site is also available for eligible individuals.“Kūpuna make up a significant percentage of our state’s total population, and the Executive Office on Aging and our Policy Advisory Board on Elderly Affairs have been tireless advocates of vaccination access for our kūpuna,” said Caroline Cadirao, Director of the state’s Executive Office on Aging. “We’ve listened to concerns and insights from the community, leveraged the expertise of our partners, and came up with this solution. It speaks to the power of collaboration.” The call center is a collaborative effort by the State of Hawai‘i Executive Office on Aging, City and County of Honolulu's Elderly Affairs Division, Aloha United Way and St. Francis Healthcare System.

Accommodations are available upon request to persons with disabilities. Please call (808) 768-3003 or send an email to parks@honolulu.gov at least five days prior to the event.

Research & Economic Analysis

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be streamed live online at olelo.org/49.

Appointments for in-office visits to satellite city halls will be available starting June 29. To make an online appointment, visit www.alohaq.org

The following lists describe the population groups of each allocation phase:

The City opened online appointments for residents whose Hawai‘i driver licenses or state identification cards expire this year in March, April, May, June and July. This is after the state announced its intent to allow licenses and identification cards that expire between March 16 and June 30 to remain valid through Sept. 30.

Business Development & Support Division

For patrons who placed their holds during the closure, their item(s) are ready for pick up after the patron schedules a Library Take Out appointment time to pick up their item(s).

Oahu beaches opened over the weekend, May 16, for activities based on approved guidelines issued by the City and County of Honolulu. In addition to those activities already allowed (e.g., ocean access and exercise), beaches or sand bars within the City may also be utilized with the following restrictions: a. All groups are limited to members of the same household or living unit. b. No group can exceed ten persons. c. All persons using the beach, who are not part of members of the same household or living unit, shall comply with Social Distancing Requirements, provided that a caregiver may accompany a dependent. d. The beach or sand area may only be used one-half hour before sunrise to one-half hour after sunset, unless the person is engaged in shore fishing or permitted outdoor exercise. e. All other State of Hawaiʻi or City restrictions related to COVID-19 must be followed, including, but not limited to, any applicable quarantine restrictions. If you have any questions on Mayor Caldwell’s Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order 2.0, as amended, visit the website, oneoahu.org to find answers to some frequently asked questions. If you still do not find an answer to your question on the site, O‘ahu residents can call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov. The City and County of Honolulu COVID-19 information call center remains open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on holidays.

An online tutorial is available to assist the public with creating their account and profile. Click here to view it.

Hawaii will soon be opening COVID-19 vaccinations to those age 70+ as the state receives more doses of the vaccine. Currently, kupuna age 75+ are eligible to get vaccinated. The Hawaii State Department of Health will announce when vaccination sites begin to accept registrations for this next group of people age 70+. For the latest info on vaccine registration: https://hawaiicovid19.com/vaccination-registration/

County of Hawai'i

For the first time, Kishimoto offered more details on what that timeline looks like, saying public schools in Hawaii won’t reopen fully to in-person instruction before the fall.

Kahalu‘u Community Park

Procedures for written and road driving-test applications are being reviewed and will be announced at a later time.

Kāne‘ohe Community & Senior Center

The Hawaii State Public Library System announced its statewide launch of Library Take Out at 47 of our 51 public libraries. Starting Tuesday, May 26th, library patrons may now schedule a Library Take Out appointment time to pick up their hold item(s) at their favorite library.

The modified Summer Fun Program will be offered on weekdays, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. from Wednesday July, 1 through Tuesday, July 28 (excluding the holiday on Friday, July 3).

Pacific Palisades Community Park

Gov. David Ige signed a 6th supplementary emergency proclamation extending the stay-at-home order across the state through May 31.

Also included in the amended Ho‘oulu i Honolulu 3.0, a replacement of Order 3 relating to indoor and outdoor gatherings. Effective immediately, outdoor gatherings of up to ten individuals are permitted as long as physical distancing is maintained between the groups of up to ten individuals to the extent possible. Outdoor events involving a total of 100 individuals or more are still prohibited.

If you require special assistance, please call 586-6800 or email your request to waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov.

Modifications to the timetable include:

The eviction moratorium, which prevents any eviction from a residential dwelling for failure to pay rent, also remains in effect through May 31.

Click here to view more information, including school sites and pick-up times.

Chaminade University - Dr. Lynn Babington, President

The Special Committee will reconvene tomorrow to hear from the following departments and organizations:

Legislative Timetable: Both the Senate and House have agreed on a modified timetable that has the legislative session convening on January 20, 2021 and adjourning sine die on April 29, 2021.

The Hawai‘i Department of Health is partnering with a number of pharmacies to conduct drive-through vaccination events or in-home vaccinations.

Eligibility will be based on current and projected vaccination numbers, appointment availability--and most importantly--the amount of vaccine allocated and available.

The letter to Mayor Caldwell lists the actions taken by the Hawai‘i Department of Transportation to screen and verify passenger information and require compliance with the state’s quarantine orders, but says that the public is consistently reporting “travelers blatantly violating” the quarantine.

Participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations.

For more information on the Aloha Safe Travels app, go to https://www.wearealohasafe.org.

Temperature checks will continue at airports across the state. Anyone with a temperature higher than 100.4 degrees or who is experiencing other symptoms will be required to undergo a secondary screening at the airport with trained healthcare staff.

District 3

Hō‘ae‘ae Community Park

Retail establishments should meet the following guidelines:

View List of Vaccination Providers

Testing for regular PCR (nose swab) will be conducted as it has been done previously. If one desires this testing, the attending doctor will determine who should be tested. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head here. Testing will be offered without charge for those without insurance.

Walk-in-and-wait transactions will not be offered. The public can continue to do express payment services, such as water bill payments and annual vehicle registration renewals, via online, mail-in or by 24/7 kiosk options.

This would free up appointment slots for transactions that can more efficiently be completed in-person, such as applying for a disability-parking permit, junking a vehicle or performing complicated motor vehicle transactions related to a lost title or difficult registrations.

Kāne‘ohe District Park

Plan to Make Your Vaccination Appointment

The special committee will convene to assess and advise the Senate regarding the State of Hawaii's COVID-19 plans and procedures for reopening the economy and the plans for economic recovery.

In 2020, the Coronavirus 19 (COVID-19) pandemic heightened these development goals, by shedding light on key areas that must be addressed to further our sustainable development goals and create a more sustainable Hawaii. The Sustainable Development Goals the State Senate are prioritizing are:

Kalākaua District Park

Ms. Angela Keen

Learn More About Variant Detection in Hawai‘i

You probably donʻt need an expert to tell you that the COVID-19 pandemic is taking a toll on our individual and collective mental health. Even for those of us lucky enough not to be touched by the actual virus, the impact on our daily lives is stressful at best. And for many facing unemployment and financial, work or family distress, it can be devastating. Some experts predict the mental health repercussions will last long after the virus is under control. Hawai‘i is staying ahead of the curve by ramping up counseling and an array of services to help residents experiencing anxiety, depression, panic or just feeling overwhelmed as the pandemic reaches the one-year milestone this month. Thatʻs the motivation and mission behind the Department of Health’s new program “Kū Makani—The Hawai‘i Resiliency Project.” This service launched in January and offers dedicated crisis counseling to callers facing emotional fallout related to the COVID-19 pandemic. There are also virtual events for individuals and groups of all ages as well as island-specific resources and referrals. “It is normal to experience difficulty with adapting to the new challenges of managing work, school, family, or home due to COVID-19, to feel isolated or anxious, or to worry about meeting basic needs like having enough food or access to healthcare,” says Kathleen Merriam, Team Leader for Kū Makani. “If you or someone you love needs support, don’t be afraid to reach out.” Kū Makani is named for the Hawaiian plant ʻaʻaliʻi kū makani—which grows well in strong winds, reflecting a spirit of resilience in challenging circumstances. The program was made possible through a partnership with CARE Hawaii, Inc. and funded by a $2 million federal government grant from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA).

Are You Fully Vaccinated?

12:30 p.m. Airlines for America

Hawaii Quarantine Kapu Breakers

The committee will be meeting with the following to discuss enforcement of the 14-day quarantine and stay-at-home orders:

The Special Committee on COVID-19 will meet tomorrow with the following:

Certain designated businesses and operations in the City and County of Honolulu will be allowed to re-open on May 15, by following specific guidelines as detailed Emergency Order No. 2020-10. The Amended and Restated Stay at Home/Work from Home Order, now under the new name “Ho‘oulu i Honolulu” or “Restore Honolulu” Order, incorporates all prior Emergency Orders, including the wearing of non-medical grade face coverings, social distancing requirements, and the limited opening of City parks.

Effective Friday, June 19, indoor gatherings of up to ten individuals (regardless of household or living unit affiliation) would be allowed to resume on O‘ahu. Indoor events involving over 50 individuals are still prohibited.

Pālolo Valley District Park

GDP History, Outlook, and Potential Sector Growth:

If you miss your day, don’t worry, Thursdays through Sundays are open.

94-1480 Moaniani St, Waipahu

DPR is privileged to participate in the Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) in conjunction with Summer Fun.

1010 Pensacola St, Honolulu

For the other eight satellite city halls on O‘ahu, precautions are in place to ensure the safety of customers and employees, who will be required to wear facial coverings and remain six-feet apart from others during all in-office transactions.

Department of Transportation

Today the Hawai‘i Department of Health announced the state will extend COVID-19 vaccine eligibility to people age 60 and older beginning Monday, March 29.

Ala Wai Community Park

In the past two months, about 12.5% of Hawai‘i residents have received their first dose of a COVID-19 vaccine. We are making progress in administering the vaccinations to high-risk and top-priority groups. To date, slightly more than half, or 55%, of kūpuna age 75 and above have been vaccinated with at least one dose. Unfortunately, severe winter storms on the continental U.S. are affecting shipments to our islands this week and some appointments had to be postponed. We will keep distributing vaccines as soon as we get them--to reach as many Hawai‘i residents as possible as quickly as possible.

Kamehameha Community Park

Phase 2:

The COVID-19 vaccine is now available at the Neal Blaisdell Concert Hall for adults 75 years of age and older. Vaccinations are by appointment only.

‘Ewa Mahiko District Park

The City and County of Honolulu is pleased to announce it is supporting more drive-thru COVID-19 testing this week.

View the Latest Data on COVID-19 Cases and Vaccinations

The City and County of Honolulu announced that it has reopened its online appointment system for driver license and state identification card services.

Below are those online registration dates and procedures which are determined by geographic park district. All dates and times are Hawai‘i Standard Time:

Customers should NOT worry about their power being shut off due to nonpayment through the end of June, and any threat of immediate disconnection unless payment is made received before June 30 should be treated as a scam. Customers experiencing financial hardship because of the pandemic are urged to contact Hawaiian Electric to discuss payment arrangements and options.

Addressing the public health needs of the COVID-19 pandemic is another pillar to the comprehensive funding plan. “The Legislature’s plan devotes $100 million to distribute ample sanitation and PPE supplies for essential workers beyond the health care community including child care facilities, elderly care homes, small businesses, schools, and non-profits that work with populations vulnerable to the coronavirus,” said Senate President Ronald Kouchi.

Tracking Hawaiiʻs progress: How are we doing as a state?

Safety Protocols: The Senate is reinforcing pre-existing protocols and implementing several new measures to prevent and mitigate the spread of COVID-19 while maintaining an open and transparent legislative process.

Kaiser Permanente members must schedule an appointment through an e-Visit. For more information, please visit https://healthy.kaiserpermanente.org/hawaii/health-wellness/coronavirus-information/covid-vaccine . If you’re unable to schedule your appointment online, call (808) 432-2000 (TTY 711), Mon – Fri, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

The Senate's primary budgetary focus will be on deploying the existing federal CARES Act money,” said Senate President Kouchi.

Dr. Bruce Anderson, Director

Satellite city halls across O‘ahu will start reopening July 1 for regular in-office service on an appointment-only basis.

Kaiser Waipio Medical Office

Those whose last name starts with H through O should file on Tuesdays.

1:30 p.m.

Parking: No charge. Enter from King St. into Blaisdell Parking Lot. ADA accommodations available.

Tomorrow, May 8, Kalihi Kai Urgent Care will conduct testing at ʻEwa Beach Community Park. Testing will be from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.

‘Aiea District Park

Antibody testing determines whether a patient was exposed to COVID-19 and now has antibodies against the virus; it is not used to determine whether someone currently has the disease. The test also does not tell you whether or not you may be susceptible to getting COVID-19 again. Patients should discuss results with their healthcare provider to understand what the results mean for them.

Mākaha Community Park

The Hawai‘i State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 will hold a meeting beginning at 1 p.m. today, live on ‘Ōlelo channel 49 on O‘ahu and http://olelo.org/49. The State Capitol remains closed to the public.

Download the essential workers vaccination toolkit

Phase 2 similarly applies to the outdoor team sports included in Phase 1, but incorporates competitive team play.

2021-25-02-Commencement and Transition Ceremony Guidelines for School Year 2020-21.pdf (hawaiipublicschools.org)

DATE: Wednesday, August 19, 2020 TIME: 1:30 p.m. PLACE: Conference Room 211 THE STATE CAPITOL IS CLOSED TO THE PUBLIC DURING THE ONGOING COVID-19 EPIDEMIC A live stream of all Senate Standing Committee meetings will be available online. Selected hearings will also be broadcast live on ‘Ōlelo Community Media. AGENDA 1:30 p.m. Department of Human Resources Development (ZOOM) Mr. Ryker Wada, Director 2:00 p.m. Hawaii Emergency Management Agency (ZOOM) Major General Kenneth Hara, Incident Commander 3:00 p.m. Department of Education (ZOOM) [HARD STOP @ 4pm] Dr. Christina Kishimoto, Superintendent 4:00 p.m. Department of Health - Behavioral Health Services Administration (ZOOM) Mr. Edward Mersereau, Deputy Director No public testimony will be accepted. If you require other auxiliary aids or services to participate in the public hearing process (i.e., interpretive services (oral or written) or ASL interpreter), please contact the committee clerk at least 24 hours prior to the hearing so that arrangements can be made. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION, PLEASE CALL THE COMMITTEE CLERK AT (808) 586-6800.

The 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation, EXHIBIT G, lists the businesses/operations designated for re-opening, and outlines specific safety guidelines for each. It also includes county-specific requirements. For example, retail businesses on Oʻahu may not open until May 15, 2020, and Maui County will not allow retail, most repair shops and malls to reopen at this time.

Are you eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Hawaii?

The special committee will be meeting with the following:

Wahiawā District Park

Gov. Ige has approved Mayor Kirk Caldwell’s proposal to allow singing and/or playing of wind instruments at indoor and outdoor restaurants/bars, with some restrictions.

In order to balance the childcare needs of our island community with the safety guidelines established due to COVID-19, there will be significant changes to the number of keiki that our facilities and staff can accommodate, the activities offered, and overall program procedures:

Over 34,000 households are expected to receive help from the plan’s $100 million funded rental and housing assistance subsidies. The State’s most financially vulnerable households will receive rental assistance in the form of a $500 monthly subsidy or 50% of rent, whichever is lesser, for up to five months from August 1 to December 31.

Some changes include:

Throughout the 2021 Legislative Session, all Senate proceedings will be live-streamed on the Hawai‘i State Senate's YouTube page. In addition to the live streams, the Senate will continue working with public access television providers on all islands to broadcast Senate committee hearings and floor sessions. Members will be given the option to participate in all proceedings either in-person or remotely via videoconference. The public will have the opportunity to provide testimony in writing and via videoconference through the Legislature's website, allowing broader participation for those who previously were unable to get to the State Capitol.

The public is reminded that the parking lot at the Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be closed to the public until 3 p.m. to allow for breakdown of testing tents and clearing of cones and barriers. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Vaccine eligibility on all islands will expand Monday, April 5 to include essential workers in construction, banking and finance, communications, media, retail, information technology, clergy, and transportation and logistics.

Gov. Ige issued the initial emergency proclamation for COVID-19 on Mar. 4, 2020 followed by:

Crestview Community Park

Wai‘anae District Park

Hawaii Pacific Health is administering vaccines at the Pier 2 Cruise Terminal, located at 521 Ala Moana Blvd, Honolulu. As of today, February 25, 2021, all Oahu appointments are full. Additional appointments will be added as more vaccine becomes available. Please check https://www.hawaiipacifichealth.org/hph-covid-19-updates/vaccine-update/

Florists statewide will be allowed to deliver flowers starting this Friday. Gov. Ige has given permission for florists to get back to business May 1, this after the governor himself revoked just two days ago a special exemption florists got for a 10-day window around Mother’s Day.

Kaiser Permanente

Waialua District Park

The stay-at-home order means residents may leave their homes only for various essential needs, including healthcare, purchasing food, medicine, gasoline, taking care of the elderly, minors, or those with disabilities, returning to a place of residence outside of Hawai‘i, picking up educational materials for distance learning, receiving meals or other related services. Outdoor exercise is also permitted – including swimming, surfing and walking pets.

The DOE has created guidelines to set limits on the number of people who can greet graduates and where the celebrations can take place.

The emergency proclamation lifts the quarantine requirement for inter-island travelers effective 12:01 a.m. on June 16, 2020. However, it also leaves in place the quarantine requirement for out-of-state travelers. The governor has the authority to make exemptions for transit corridors/bubbles.

The Senate floor session will convene at 11:30 a.m. on Monday, June 22, with hearings getting underway that morning. The session is scheduled to adjourn on Friday, July 10. The new legislative timetable is available here: https://www.capitol.hawaii.gov/docs/2020calendar.pdf

All Residents 16+ Are Becoming Eligible April 19

Phase 1-B: Began in December and is expected to be completed in May, focuses on those over the age of 75 not included in phase 1-A and frontline essential workers. The list of frontline essential workers includes:

The State Capitol building will remain closed to the public at least through June 30, 2020. Entry into the building will continue to be limited through the main double glass doors on the basement level from 7:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., and the National Guard will continue temperature screening everyone entering the building. Entry will be limited to employees and authorized guests. For more details, please read the memo dated May 22, 2020, from the Comptroller: Revised - Capitol Security Access Procedures

The Hawai‘i State Senate Committee on Ways and Means today deferred pay raises for legislators and state officials this year that had been recommended by the Salary Commission prior to the COVID-19 pandemic.

In addition, running, jogging or walking on the beach will be permitted, as long as social distancing requirements are observed.

Mānana Community Park

For more information, please visit their website at librarieshawaii.org.

1. Patrons go to HSPLS Library Catalog and place a hold on any item(s) they want to borrow, or they may call their favorite library branch to place a hold with our staff.

Our Public Health Nurses aren’t able to visit every home with a COVID-19 patient. So they looked for another way to deliver the detailed information these patients and caregivers need. They brought this dilemma to state and community partners and brainstormed the best way to help. The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency (Emergency Support Function) ESF-8, Community Care/Outreach Unit team conducted extensive statewide surveys of residents and families, as well as health and social service providers, about their needs and concerns during this pandemic.

This year registration will be conducted primarily online thanks to new software developed by the Honolulu Department of Information Technology. The software is called Parks and Recreation Online System, or PROS, and works best using the Google Chrome web browser.

Starting today, more people are eligible to get vaccinated in Hawaii. People age 65 and older, individuals with high-risk medical conditions, as well as essential workers listed in phase 1C, now qualify to get the vaccine, though there will be an emphasis on certain groups. You can read more about that here, as well as register to get vaccinated: https://hawaiicovid19.com/vaccination-registration/

District 3 (Pearlridge to Waiʻanae to Wahiawā) - ph. (808) 768-6889

Online Registration begins Saturday, June 20 at 9 a.m.

All in-office transactions will be served on an appointment-only basis. Masks or face coverings are required during in-office visits.

12:00 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

Moanalua Community Park

Ms. Susan Ballard, Chief of Police

Members of the Hawaii Executive Collaborative will present on a tourism recovery plan to create a task force to establish a travel bubble corridor. The corridor is for travel by two regions, both of which contained the virus, and who agree to a quarantine-free travel zone.

The state Department of Transportation will require thermal screening at the airport for everyone traveling inter-island. HDOT will also require travelers to fill out a new form that will now also ask for health-related information to assist the state in tracking and responding to new COVID-19 cases.

The changes are related to:

AlohaSafe Alert works in a simple 5-step process: download, diagnose, verify, notify and quarantine. When you download the app, your phone will send random IDs out to other users with the app. If you test positive and anonymously share your diagnosis to the app, it will let others know instantly of exposure without any of your personal information at all. Let’s all work together to slow the spread of the virus and keep our community safe.

Please use this toolkit to help our community build confidence in COVID-19 vaccination. This information will help you and your workers stay educated and informed, as well as know what to expect when it's your turn to receive the vaccine. Essential workers can now register for an appointment at vaccination sites throughout the state.

Ms. Clare Connors, Attorney General

CVS/Longs Drugs

The Executive Office on Early Learning is working closely with the Department of Human Services and other agencies and stakeholders to coordinate early childhood care during the COVID-19 crisis. The departments have announced subsidy changes to its assistance program for families and providers and are encouraging more families to apply. Get more information about applying to Child Care Connection Hawai‘i online by clicking on this link - bit.ly/ApplyCCCH.

This software utilizes the same HNL.Info log-in that many O‘ahu residents already possess. We encourage the public to create an HNL.Info account and a PROS profile ahead of registration by visiting: https://pros.hnl.info.

Every1ne Hawaii - Mr. Robert Kurisu, Co-Founder

The amended bill notes that in expectation of an economic downturn due to COVID-19, “the State Council on Revenues lowered its fiscal year 2021 forecast from four per cent to zero per cent, meaning that the State will have about $225,000,000 less in revenues than expected.”

11:30 a.m. - Department of Taxation, Ms. Rona Suzuki, Director

3:30 p.m. Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

Test participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Out-of-state travelers arriving in Hawai‘i must get a PCR test prior to arrival from any testing location approved by the Hawai‘i State Department of Health. Evidence of a negative test result must be provided upon arrival in Hawai‘i. Without this, passengers arriving from out-of-state will be subject to the 14-day quarantine. No testing will be provided upon arrival at the airport.

The plan sets aside $230 million to support unemployed residents until the end of the year. “These critical funds will provide a new state unemployment insurance weekly benefit that replaces the weekly federal plus-up payments set to expire July 31,” explained Senator Dela Cruz, Chair of the Senate Ways and Means Committee. “Beginning August 1, an estimated 117,000 unemployed individuals will receive the State’s enhanced weekly unemployment benefit of $100.”

⚠️ You never have to pay to get your name on a vaccination list. ⚠️ You can’t pay to “jump the line” and get earlier access to the vaccine. ⚠️ No legitimate vaccine provider will call and ask for your Social Security, bank account or credit card number. Do not answer a call from an unknown number or from an unfamiliar location. If in doubt, hang up and report the call to SMP Hawaii at (808) 586-7281, or visit www.smphawaii.org to learn about recent scams. For more info https://hawaiicovid19.com/vaccinebeware/

Oahu (808) 832-3100 Neighbor Islands: Maui, Kauai & Hawaii 1 (800) 753-6879 Kū Makani crisis counseling hours: 4:00 p.m. - 9:00 p.m. Monday-Friday 9:00a.m. – 9:00 p.m. Saturday & Sunday

According to the Department of Health, the state is expected bring up its total amount of doses received to over 80,000 doses.

PRESCHOOL OPEN DOORS PROGRAM ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS

Mānoa Valley District Park

District 2

If you are in this vaccination group, please follow these instructions:

Mayor Caldwell’s proposal includes the Friday, May 29th resumption of operations with modifications for “personal service providers” including:

Food Service Program:

4. Anyone with unexplained respiratory illness since January 2020 who were never tested for COVID-19

Please note that there may be committee members or invited speakers participating remotely via video or teleconference.

Whitmore Community Park

The Hawaii State Legislature will reconvene next Monday, May 11th. This reconvened session is expected to be about 6-10 days to address state budget issues and for the Senate to take up confirmation hearings for various state boards and commissions. The Ways and Means and Finance Committees will need to consider an estimated $1 billion in budget cuts from the $8 billion general fund budget, while minimizing cuts to social services or pay cuts or furloughs. All meetings and hearings will be broadcast live on Olelo; however, the public will not be able to attend, and written testimony will be excepted via submission.

Antibody Testing will be through actual blood draw. Licensed practitioners will be on site to conduct this test, and the samples are sent to local labs for analysis and reporting. The testing will be free if covered by the patient’s insurance, but a charge of $40 will be made to each patient without insurance by local labs who will bill the patients. Those only taking part in the Antibody Testing will not need to self-quarantine. The following categories of individuals are encouraged to be tested by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi:

Download and Share Home Care Booklet

The bill defers all salary increases slated for this fiscal year for members of the legislature, the governor, lieutenant governor, justices and judges of all state courts, administrative director of the State or an equivalent position, and department heads or executive officers and the deputies or assistants to the department heads or executive officers of the departments.

Kauluwela Community Park

Mr. Ross Higashi, Deputy Director

Gov. Ige signed a 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation that authorizes the first group of businesses to re-open since the COVID-19 pandemic forced the temporary closure of non-essential businesses across the state on Mar. 25.

2. Healthcare Workers and First Responders

New resource! Booklet helps you and your loved ones develop a COVID-19 care plan

Anderson said he is optimistic the process will go well. He said the hospital is expecting another tray next week that is specifically allocated for second doses.

The Hawai‘i State Senate is scheduled to resume its 2020 session June 22 to July 10. Committees will be considering a limited number of critical bills that were put on hold when the Senate was forced to recess in mid-March due to COVID-19. The Senate will also be allocating additional federal funding from the CARES Act.

Kahala Community Park

The Legislature is currently in recess, pursuant to S.C.R. No. 244.

Ms. Jade Fountain-Tanigawa, County Clerk

Gov. David Ige signed a ninth supplementary emergency proclamation that extends the COVID-19 emergency period through July 31.

Letter to Mayor Caldwell

The City and County of Honolulu COVID-19 information call center remains open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on holidays. O‘ahu residents are encouraged to visit the website, oneoahu.org to get answers to frequently asked questions about Mayor Caldwell’s “Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order”. If they do not find an answer to their questions on the site, residents can call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov.

She says summer classes could also be held in-person. Additionally, the state Department of Education announced on February 25 that limited, in-person commencements can be held this year.

As vaccines become more widely available, the Hawaii Department of Health (HDOH) has suggested moving towards the second allocation phase for the COVID-19 vaccine. This means that the following Phase 1b essential workers will be given initial priority at this time:

Driver’s licensing and Satellite City Halls: All six of the driver licensing centers in the City and County of Honolulu are open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. The online appointment system for appoints for driver licenses and state identification services can be accessed at alohaq.org. The system has been revised to serve the greatest needs first. For assistance with making an appointment, call: (808) 768-4177. Masks or face coverings are required during all in-office visits. For more information, visit honolulu.gov.csd. The Kapahulu Vehicle Reconstruction Inspection Station in the City and County of Honolulu is open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. For assistance, call: (808) 768-4325.

The annual Hawaii State Judiciary juror questionnaires will soon be mailed to individuals who have a Hawaii state driver’s license or are registered to vote in Hawaii. Beginning August 3, approximately 235,000 juror questionnaires will be mailed to 85,000 residents on Oahu, 55,000 in Maui County, 70,000 on Hawaii Island, and 25,000 on Kauai. They are used to help select potential jurors who may be eligible to serve in 2021. Individuals are selected at random. Anyone receiving a questionnaire has 10 days to complete and return it to the Jury Pool Office in the envelope provided. Those who fail to respond may be penalized. To be eligible to serve as a juror, you must be at least 18 years old, a citizen of the United States, a resident of Hawaii, and able to read and understand English. The Hawaii State Department of Health is in varying stages of reviewing and approving the circuit courts’ health-and-safety plans to resume jury selection and jury trials. The plan includes touchless temperature scans and CDC-recommended screening questions before entering a courthouse; required face coverings; enforced social distancing measures; and increased cleaning and disinfecting of our facilities.

Clinic Hours of Operation : 8:00 am – 6:30 pm The line is open Monday – Friday, 7:30 am – 5 pm Closed Tuesday

New service simplifies COVID-19 vaccination registration process for kūpuna

The committee asked that he consider the public’s safety and issue a directive to judges to require bail prior to release and conditions such as ankle bracelets for quarantine violators.

3. Front line tourism industry workers with direct exposure to visitors

Mr. Jade Butay, Director

Neighborhood Board Commission: Neighborhood boards will resume public meetings beginning June 1. Physical distancing requirements are followed. For meeting information, please contact the NCO at 768-3710, email nco@honolulu.gov, or visit the office’s website at honolulu.gov/nco.

Under the CARES Act, Hawai'i has been given a total of $862,823,978 to support the State and smaller Counties. A separate allocation of $387,176,021 was provided to the City & County of Honolulu. The Senate has proposed allocating the funds in a responsible, prudent and conservative expenditure approach to meet both statewide and county needs. Below are some highlights. $175 million to support the various counties;

County of Maui

City and County of Honolulu’s proposal to Governor David Ige has been approved to allow for the safe reopening of the following designated business and operations with limitations as outlined in the replacement Exhibit A of the Emergency Order No. 2020-15 (Amendment to Ho‘oulu i Honolulu 3.0), effective Friday, June 19:

To report a possible self-quarantine violation, contact your county police department at 911. The police have access to all data pertaining to airport arrivals.

City and County of Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell announced a new emergency aid program for Oahu residents. Individuals under financial hardship will be eligible for up to $1,000 for basic needs such as rent and utilities, and up to an additional $500 for basic childcare. The program will begin on May 18.

1. Previous COVID-19 positive individuals and their families and close contacts

Leaders of the Hawaii State Teachers Association, Hawaii Government Employees Association, and United Public Workers agreed with a revised Hawaiʻi State Department of Education recommendation to the school board that will adjust the 2020–21 school year calendar, and start students later - from the original August 4 date to August 17. The deal will need the approval of the Hawaiʻi Board Of Education, which will hold a special meeting this Thursday, July 30, at 1 p.m. Ten-month DOE employees will still report to work as planned on Wednesday, July 29. According to HSTA, the agreement would give educators nine (9) additional days of training and preparation time on top of the regularly scheduled two (2) administration days and two (2) teacher preparation days between July 29 and Aug. 3. The extra time “would allow for training, planning, and preparation for the safe return of students to classrooms.” News of the agreement was shared by the unions to its membership, and a statement from Superintendent Dr. Christina Kishimoto was also posted to the DOE website. “HIDOE leadership has been working with the unions throughout the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure our students get the education they deserve and our employees have a safe work environment,” Dr. Kishimoto said. “We have continued these conversations and reached a conditional agreement today to propose a delayed start for students to accommodate concerns regarding employee training.” “Throughout our discussions, we were mindful that any adjustments to the calendar must focus on educating and supporting students,” Kishimoto said. “We also acknowledge the voice of our families, partners and employees who are not represented by the unions yet are impacted by this decision.” “We will use this time to prepare at yet another level, but I recognize this comes at a cost for public school parents and our students,” the Superintendent concluded. “My expectation is that if the Board approves the two week delay, that our labor partners will do an aggressive push to their members to be at schoolhouse doors on day one for our students.”

Mr. Glen Takahashi, City Clerk

12:45p.m. Department of the Attorney General - Ms. Clare Connors, Attorney General

Testing is being done from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. today, April 22 at The Church of Jesus Christ of the Latter-Day Saints in Wahiawā. Testing will be made available to those without insurance as well. For more information on this testing, please call Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Testimony will be provided by Hawaii Executive Collaborative members Paul Yonamine, Duane Kurisu, and Lori Teranishi. Please note that there may be committee members or invited speakers participating remotely via video or teleconference.

Do you have questions about the COVID-19 vaccines? Learning more about vaccines is an important step to protect our community. Stay updated with the latest information on the COVID-19 vaccines at http://hsalinks.com/3cDLQzT.

**Phase 1-C: Is scheduled to begin in March and run through May, focusing on those ages 65 to 74, as well as those with chronic diseases and essential workers not previously included in Phase 1-A or 1-B. Please check https://hawaiicovid19.com/vaccine/ or https://www.oneoahu.org/vaccine for updates on when this group will be eligible to register for the vaccine.

Department of Transportation – Airports Division

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. The meeting will also be livestreaming on olelo.org/49.

The COVID-19 vaccine is now available at vaccination clinics at Honolulu and Waipio Medical Offices, only for Kaiser Permanente members 75 years of age and older. Vaccinations are by appointment only.

Waipahū District Park

To learn more about #AlohaSafeAlert app, visit alohasafealert.org.

The AlohaSafe Alert app was developed in partnership with the state Department of Health (DOH), aio Digital, Hawai‘i Executive Collaborative and Every1ne Hawaiʻi, to reduce the spread of COVID-19 by notifying users if they have been potentially exposed to the virus.

Kalama Beach Park

Test participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them.

The 2020 Summer Fun Program will not require any fees or payment on the part of the participating families. In the past, Summer Fun registration was done in-person as a result of these prior payments. This resulted in eager parents waiting for hours, sometimes days, at various park locations to secure a spot for their keiki.

https://www.cvs.com/immunizations/covid-19-vaccine

District 2 (Makiki to ʻAiea) - ph. (808) 768-9292

This is also a wonderful resource for any and everyone wanting to learn more about COVID prevention and best practices, such as mask hygiene, recognizing symptoms and contact tracing. Download the Home Care for Persons with COVID-19 booklet or find it under Guidance Documents on HawaiiCOVID19.com/resources/#guidance-documents.

No public testimony will be accepted.

Locations:

O‘ahu residents with a hardship or special need outside these parameters can call (808) 768-4177 for assistance.

Clinic Hours of Operation: Monday - Friday 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. Closed 12 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Saturday 8 a.m. to noon Closed Sunday

The City’s COVID-19 information call center remains open every day from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., except on holidays. Oahu residents are encouraged to visit the website, oneoahu.org for more information on Proclamations, Emergency Orders, Business Resources, and Financial and Housing Assistance Programs in the City and County of Honolulu. If you do not find what you are looking for on the site, please feel free to call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov.

The latest proclamation also allows residents to leave their homes to patronize certain businesses and activities under the new “Safer-at-Home” order.

Hawaii Pacific Health

3:00 p.m. Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery & Resiliency Plan

City and County of Honolulu

Sign up for an easy way to stay informed about getting a COVID-19 vaccine at VA at https://www.va.gov/health-care/covid-19-vaccine/stay-informed. When you sign up, the VA will also ask about your vaccine plans. Your local VA health facility may use this information to determine when to contact you once your risk group becomes eligible. The VA will contact every eligible Veteran in each risk group. You don’t need to sign up to get a vaccine. For more information, visit https://www.va.gov/health-care/covid-19-vaccine/

District 1

Here’s how it works:

Agenda for today's meeting found below. Watch it live on Olelo 49.

The 2020 SFSP is sponsored by the United States Department of Agriculture, and will provide lunch to Summer Fun participants 18 years and younger. SFSP will begin on July 6 and run through July 17 at select, qualified Summer Fun sites. Those participating will be listed on DPR’s website: http://bit.ly/SummerFunOahu

Mililani District Park

The survey will help the Department of Health determine the number of vaccine doses that are required for essential workers in each organization and to streamline the scheduling process and administration of the vaccines.

Leaders from the Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project joined Mayor Caldwell to announce a new program to provide support for the psychological well-being and mental health needs of individuals seeking help during the COVID-19 pandemic. The program, conceptualized by Dr. Lawrie Ignacio and Dr. Graham Taylor and coordinated by the Hawai‘i Psychological Association, offers free mental health services provided by a Pro Bono Service Provider to uninsured residents on Oʻahu and throughout the state. The Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project is a multi-disciplinary initiative that unites several mental health care communities with the common goal of ensuring that more Hawai‘i residents have access to quality mental health care. To ensure proper physical distancing during the Mayor’s “Ho’oulu i Honolulu” Order, all therapy and counseling services under the program will be provided exclusively via online telehealth platforms. People can access the service on a first-come, first-serve basis by logging on to https://www.hawaiipsychology.org/ and clicking on the “Please click HERE for more information” link under the heading: Hawai'i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project. The link will direct the individual seeking services to a description page outlining the terms of the Project, where he or she can then click on another link to submit a request for services. Once a request is submitted, the individual seeking services will be contacted by a Project coordinator who will assist in linking the individual to an available provider. The Project coordinators are asking for patience up front from those seeking mental health services provided by the Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project, as mental health providers are in high demand and matching requests with available providers at any given time may require a waiting period. The program does not offer a triage service, so interested residents may need to contact other community mental health services in order to secure timely services. Additionally, services being provided through the Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project are not suitable for urgent and crisis situations as the Project will not be able to immediately connect individuals in severe distress with an available provider. Those experiencing severe distress, or an emergency, are asked to call emergency and crisis personnel who can provide an immediate response. Along with the City’s 768-CITY information helpline, the City also created a website at www.oneoahu.org to provide information about Mayor Caldwell’s Emergency Order, provide updates on the availability of City services, and direct residents to quality, trusted COVID-19 healthcare information. For residents who do not find the information they are looking for on the website, residents can also email covidresponse@honolulu.gov to ask questions and get a response from City staff. To learn more about the Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project visit https://www.hawaiipsychology.org/.

The public is reminded that parking lots at the two sites will be closed to the public until 2 p.m. to allow for breakdown of testing tents and clearing of cones and barriers. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Fern Community Park

Wailupe Community Park

Mr. Sean Williams, Vice President

Antibody testing determines whether a patient had COVID-19 and now has antibodies against the virus; it is not used to determine whether someone currently has the disease. The test also does not tell you whether or not you may be susceptible to getting COVID again. Patients should discuss results with their healthcare provider to understand what the results mean for them.

As Hawai‘i continues to vaccinate our community and work toward herd immunity, it is important for every resident to understand the importance of getting vaccinated to protect ourselves and those around us.

Mr. Rodrigo Romo, Program Director

Reconstructed vehicle inspection is another in-office visit that will be served strictly on an appointment-only basis.

COVID-19 testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex and Kakaʻako Waterfront Park will be available this weekend. Drive-thru testing for COVID-19 will be offered at both locations, but a new Antibody Testing will be offered as well.

Hawaii Technology Development Corporation

Mr. Scott Nago, Chief Election Officer

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency - Ms. Alexandra Slous, State Disaster Recovery Coordinator

The state Department of Labor and Industrial Relations is kicking off an alphabetical system to ease the burden on the antiquated technology that has crashed multiple times over the past few weeks.

To view the guidelines, head here - https://health.hawaii.gov/coronavirusdisease2019/files/2020/04/What-To-Do-If-You-Have-Been-Tested-For-COVID19_040120.pdf.

Mr. Jon Henricks, County Clerk

The COVID-19 Hardship Relief program will provide funding support to Oahu residents with amounts up to $1,000 per month for qualified household expenses, and up to $500 per month for qualified childcare expenses to aid in lessening economic hardships caused by the pandemic. Each household may receive continued benefits as hardship continues, up to 6 months.

Approach to Job Creation:

Hawai‘i seniors age 75+ may make appointments for both required doses via CVS.com or through the CVS Pharmacy app. Those without online access can call customer service: (800) 746-7287. CVS cannot administer vaccinations to walk-in customers without an appointment.

Honolulu Police Department

The partnering pharmacies throughout the state include: ElixRx Pharmacy, 5 Minute Pharmacy, Foodland Pharmacy, KTA Pharmacy, Pharmacare Hawaii, The Queen’s Medical Center Pharmacy, and Times Pharmacy. As of Friday, the DOH has administered more than 56,000 vaccines and has received 152,650 doses from Moderna and Pfizer-BioNTech combined.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick-up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also stream live online at olelo.org/49.

The Hawaii State Department of Education (HIDOE) Grab-and-Go school meals program will be extended at select meal sites for an extra four days beyond the end of the school year on May 28 and transition to the summer meal program which runs through July 17. Certain schools will provide meals to children 18 years or younger, free of charge, regardless of eligibility for free or reduced price meals.

The special committee will convene to discuss the impact of COVID-19 on the upcoming elections. Specific topics include the number of Voter Service Centers, available drop boxes, and the steps being taken to ensure the health and safety of voters.

Kamilo Iki Community Park

Swanzy Beach Park

Queen’s Health Systems

For Fitness facilities to reopen, operators must limit occupancy to no more than fifty percent of the maximum occupant load, establish physical distancing guidelines (at least six feet), limit locker room access and the number of persons who use amenities of the facilities at the same time, and keep water fountains closed, except for those designed to refill water bottles in a contact-free manner.

For those who do not have computer or internet access, accommodations are available to facilitate their registration into the program. Please call the Summer Fun site for those accommodations. A list of the 65 program sites is included at the bottom of this announcement for your convenience.

Click HERE to read the full press release.

4:15 p.m. Department of Taxation

Library Take Out service is not available at the following libraries: Liliha, McCully, Pearl City and the Hawaii State Library. No book donations will be accepted at this time.

Phase 1c:

More COVID-19 testing will be available at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex and Kakaʻako Waterfront Park this weekend. Drive-thru testing for COVID-19 will be offered at both locations, but a new Antibody Testing will be offered as well.

For each location, follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. This is part of an effort to do focused testing in communities across Oʻahu. Results of the testing will be used to identify COVID-19 “Hot Spots” to help in their containment.

To help lessen demand for appointments, 50,000 letters were sent to O‘ahu residents who qualify to renew their driver licenses or state identification cards either online or by mail. In addition, the federal government announced in April that the start date for REAL ID enforcement has been extended by 12 months to Oct. 1, 2021.

Public Access: Since the State Capitol building will be closed to the public, the Senate will be conducting all committee hearings and floor session virtually. Members of the public will have the opportunity to provide testimony in writing and via videoconference, allowing broader participation by those who previously were not able to get to the State Capitol.

Mr. Scott Glenn, Chief Energy Officer

Booth District Park

1:00 p.m. - Department of Health, Dr. Bruce Anderson, Director

The letter to the Chief Justice states the concern “that the quarantine orders are being flouted once travelers leave the airport” and that when violators “appear before a judge, often the violators are released on their own recognizance without any measures to ensure no further violations happen.”

Kalihi Valley District Park

Pearl City District Park

“Disturbingly, we have also received reports that the City and County of Honolulu have avoided addressing these public concerns of non-compliance with regularity,” the letter says, and requests that the administration make enforcement of the quarantine “a priority by investigating and arresting people who violate them in our community, including returning residents and vacation rentals…”

Kaiser Honolulu Medical Office

McCully District Park

AlohaSafe Alert: Add your phone to fight against COVID-19

The COVID-19 vaccine is now available at vaccination clinics at Pier 2 Cruise Terminal for adults 75 years of age and older. Vaccinations are by appointment only.

The Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order allows residents of the City and County of Honolulu to shop at retail businesses and shopping malls that comply with specific operations guidelines that includes allowing all persons in these establishments to maintain physical/social distancing and health and safety standards.

Kahuku Community Park

The committee will be meeting with the following:

The Pfizer vaccine was the first vaccine to go into the arms of Hawaii’s healthcare workers, and ideally the second would go 21 days after.

These are just a few of the requirements and conditions for reopening and resuming operations. The full list for each business, service, or activity is included in the Amendment to Ho‘oulu i Honolulu 3.0.

Click here to read more from Civil Beat.

For information on the testing with Transformation Health Network, call 854-3566.

Who is eligible to get the vaccine and how do I sign-up?

These businesses/operations are required to follow the social distancing requirements in the 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation. They also are encouraged to follow the applicable guidelines recommended by the Centers for Disease Control. Generally, this means they must implement physical distancing requirements such as capacity limits and ensuring 6 feet or more between individuals using floor markings and signage; limit in-person work when possible; reduce the number of high-touch surfaces and objects as much as possible; reconfigure workplace to enable physical distancing if possible; communicate health and safety protocols to all employees, customers and visitors.

Pu‘unui Community Park

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency, Dr. Steven Hankins, Lead Coordinator

There will be no discrimination in the course of the meal service, as they will be served regardless of race, color, creed, national origin, sex, or disability.

How to Register for the Vaccine

Makiki District Park

Hālawa District Park

The Hawai‘i State Senate’s 2020 session was originally scheduled to take place from January 15 to May 7, but the Senate was forced to recess in mid-March due to the COVID-19 emergency. The Senate held a two week reconvene on May 11 to pass time-sensitive budget bills and nominations from the governor.

Waimānalo Beach Park

These new practices and protocols have been adopted in accordance with CDC guidelines, the City and County of Honolulu’s tiered reopening system and are subject to change.

Location: Pier 2 Cruise Terminal 521 Ala Moana Blvd, Honolulu

Hawaii Pacific University - Mr. John Y. Gotanda, President

These businesses and operations will be allowed to reopen under guidelines and conditions to ensure safety for both employees of these establishments and customers/clients. For example, Bars may reopen with operators ensuring limiting occupancy to no more than fifty percent of the maximum occupant load of the bar, limiting groups within the bar to a maximum of ten individuals per group, and ensuring groups within the bar maintain at least six feet of separation from other groups.

Dr. Sarah Park, State Epidemiologist

For more information, visit honolulu.gov/csd.

The result is this newly released Home Care for Persons with COVID-19 booklet. Presenting expert advice from trusted sources, the booklet saves Hawaii’s families valuable time trying to search out information and wondering who they can trust. Families can quickly find answers to specific and urgent issues, such as how to take a temperature or use a pulse oximeter and when to call 9-1-1. The easy-to-read booklet also includes a statewide directory of community resources, including isolation and quarantine assistance, crisis and mental health services and foodbanks.

Kāne‘ohe Community Park

Longs Drugs pharmacies begin offering COVID-19 vaccinations daily

For more information, visit www.honolulu.gov/csd

The Honolulu Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) is excited to announce a modified version of Summer Fun will be held this year. The program will be offered at no charge to O‘ahu families with Mayor Caldwell waiving the fees for the summer day camp.

Kalaniana‘ole Beach Park

Here is a breakdown of what is now permitted in Tier 3:

District 4 (Waialua to Waimānalo) - ph. (808) 768-8980

The Hawai‘i Department of Human Services (DHS) is assisting eligible families to better-afford preschool for the 2021-2022 school year.

THOUSANDS IN HAWAIʻI EXPECTED TO BENEFIT FROM EMERGENCY FOOD STAMPS, PANDEMIC SCHOOL MEAL PROGRAM

Beretania Community Park

If you are a senior age 75 or older, you are now eligible to register for the COVID-19 vaccine. Medical personnel and frontline workers in Phase 1b are also being vaccinated and will be contacted by their employer to schedule their COVID-19 vaccination. Visit the registration directory at HERE.

Natural Energy Laboratory of Hawaii Authority

This week the Hawai‘i Department of Health (DOH) launched a new service to help O‘ahu's older adults book their COVID-19 vaccination appointments.

Gov. Ige announced all travelers arriving in Hawai‘i from out-of-state will be required to get a valid COVID-19 test prior to their arrival, and to show proof of a negative test result, to avoid the 14-day quarantine. The pre-travel testing program begins Aug. 1.

1:30 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

Participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information including insurance if available and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head here.

Enchanted Lake Community Park

Salt Lake District Park

“We are closely monitoring current and projected vaccination numbers, appointment availability and most importantly the amount of vaccine allocated to the people of Hawai‘i,” said State Health Director Dr. Libby Char. “Our analysis of these indicators tells us it is time to expand vaccine eligibility to more people.”

If you are having difficulty filing your unemployment insurance 24/7, you may be clicking on the wrong link. Follow these steps to complete your filing and avoid error messages:

A new executive order issued by President Joe Biden will provide more Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program or SNAP benefits, commonly known as food stamps, to the most needy families, according to an update provided by US Senator Brian Schatz (D-Hawai‘i).

In regards to outdoor organized team sports, the Mayor’s Order includes two phases to ensure the safety of coaches, athletes, trainers, and everyone else involved. Phase 1 applies to outdoor team sports such as baseball, soccer, outdoor volleyball, and similar outdoor team sports. Under the amended Exhibit A of the City’s Order, starting Friday, June 19, activities would be allowed to resume under specific conditions. Those requirements include but are not limited to, limiting the activity to skill-building drills and team-based practice only, in which physical distancing of six feet or more between individuals may generally be maintained and groups are limited to a single Sports Program team, or a maximum of 30 players, whichever is less.

With more vaccine shipments en route, the Hawai‘i Department of Health is expanding the pool of people eligible to receive a COVID-19 shot. Beginning this coming Monday, March 8, all Hawai‘i residents age 70 and up are eligible to receive the vaccine. Learn where you can make your vaccination appointment HERE.

Learn more about the Kūpuna Call Center

On Tuesday, May 12, Transformation Health Network will conduct testing in the parking lot at Kalihi Union Church, 2214 North King Street from 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Entry will be from the driveway on Umi Street. Walk-up individuals are welcome also.

Qualified expenses will be paid directly to the vendor on behalf of the applicant.

The COVID-19 vaccine is now available at the Neal Blaisdell Concert Hall located at 777 Ward Avenue, Honolulu. Vaccinations are by appointment only, no walk-ins will be allowed at this time. For more information, please visit https://covid.queens.org/vaccination/

Essential workers across the state are next in line to receive the vaccine. To help ensure the proper number of dosages are available for essential workers, the Department of Health has issued anonline survey for businesses and other organizations to complete if they employ essential workers. The state’s vaccination plan defines “essential workers” as:

Travelers may be prohibited from boarding a flight if they have an elevated temperature above 100.4 degrees, they refuse to complete the mandatory form, or they are on the 14-day quarantine list prohibiting them from flying.

Hawaii Tourism Authority

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 16, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 17, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

The full list of commencement guidelines can be viewed here.

POD aims to assist low-income and moderate-income families with a subsidy that provides their children the opportunity to attend preschool. Preschool and other early learning opportunities help children gain essential skills, be prepared for school, and chart a course for lifelong success. Interested families may access the application from the department’s POD contractor, PATCH, by visiting patchhawaii.org or calling (808) 791-2130. They may also call toll-free at 1-800-746-5620.

Another $56 million will be used to bring back small businesses, support training and job programs connecting unemployed with local businesses in need of employees, and provide manufacturing grants to local companies that can create local supply chains for necessary cleaning supplies and personal protection equipment (PPE).

Grave site visits are also being added as an Essential Activity. All of the added reopening of certain businesses are with limitations. The restated Stay at Home Order incorporates prior orders, including but not limited to, ordering all individuals living within the City to stay at their place of residence except for Essential Activities, Governmental Functions, or to operate Essential Businesses, mandating employees and visitors of Essential Businesses to wear a non-medical grade face covering mandate, and the ban of all public and private gatherings of any number of people occurring outside a single household or living unit.

Dr. Edward Desmond, Administrator

Who is eligible to get the vaccine right now?

AlohaSafe Alert is a free and voluntary new service that helps slow the spread of COVID-19. It is the State of Hawaii’s official exposure notification app and has been developed in partnership with the Hawai‘i Department of Health. Add your phone to the fight to stop COVID-19 and protect your family, friends, co-workers, neighbors and community.

Are you caring for someone with COVID-19? Would you like to be prepared in the event a friend, family member or loved one should test positive? Most COVID-19 patients recover at home, so this new online booklet is here to support you! A few months into the pandemic, Hawaii’s Public Health Nurses and community outreach partners started to notice a growing challenge in the neighborhoods they serve. When someone tests positive for COVID-19, family members suddenly become caregivers. With little knowledge or guidance, many don’t know where to begin when it comes to caring for a loved one while keeping the rest of the family safe and healthy.

The Health Department is still in the process of developing this program but anticipates requiring an FDA-approved PCR test from a CLIA certified laboratory. Travelers will be required to provide printed or emailed pre-test certification as evidence of a negative test result. Travelers will be responsible for the cost of the pre-travel test.

Since in-office visits were suspended nine weeks ago, more than 44,000 driver license and state ID appointments had to be canceled.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be streamed live online at olelo/org/49.

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, June 27, by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing will be from 8 a.m. – 2 p.m.

View 5 Things You Can Do to Avoid Vaccine Scams

On weekends and holidays, that time is from 9 a.m. to 11 p.m.

This COVID-19 vaccination toolkit for essential workers is an informational resource to help Hawai‘i companies educate their employees. The facts in these flyers and handouts can be used to initiate and continue conversations about the importance of getting the COVID-19 vaccine.

Phase 1a:

Due to the recent uptick in COVID-19 cases, drive-thru testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be available this weekend.

Phase 1b:

Department of Environmental Services: Regular curbside refuse, green waste, and recycling service is still being conducted. Convenience centers and transfer stations remain open. Please note, all in-person services are suspended. Visit opala.org for more information.

Changes to the amended Stay at Home Order add the limited reopening of certain designated businesses and operations such as:

View Fast Facts About the COVID-19 Vaccine

Mr. David Sikkink, Administrator

‘Ewa Beach Community Park

The legislative branch will reopen beginning June 1, 2020. Each Senate office and support staff office will be expected to resume normal business hours on that date. For more details, please read the memo dated May 22, 2020, from the Senate President: Reopening of Legislative Branch - June 1, 2020

Look for registration opportunities available through links posted on HawaiiCOVID19.com/vaccination-registration and from healthcare providers around the state.

View Directory of Vaccination Providers

Please be ready to show your registration within the hour.

Starting Monday, April 19 all Hawai‘i residents age 16+ will be eligible for COVID-19 vaccination. This means 300,000 people will be newly eligible, bringing the total to more than 650,000 people in our state who are eligible and still unvaccinated.

University of Hawaii – School of Nursing and Dental Hygiene - Dr. Mary G. Boland, Dean

Are you eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Hawaii? Search by zip code to find a location near you and see which vaccines are being offered at each location! Find COVID-19 vaccines at local pharmacies near you at https://vaccinefinder.org/search/.

SafePaths - Mr. Michael Kamida, Technical Lead and Liaison

SUPERINTENDENT SAYS SCHOOLS COULD REALISTICALLY REOPEN FULLY IN FALL 2021; SOME HIGH SCHOOLS CAN HOLD LIMITED IN-PERSON COMMENCEMENT CEREMONIES

The City and County of Honolulu will soon be launching the COVID-19 Hardship Relief Program to help those most economically impacted by shutdowns to prevent the spread of the coronavirus. Scheduled to launch on May 18, the relief fund can be used to assist with basic needs including as rent, eligible utilities, childcare, and other essential expenses.

The Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order can be found here.

Aloha Trace - Mr. Brandon Kurisu, Coalition Representative

Lanakila District Park

In addition, travelers will be required to fill out the State Travel and Health form.

‘Āhuimanu Community Park

‪Starting 5 a.m. Saturday, City parks will be reopened to exercise only. Exercise includes running, walking, jogging and biking. However, no camping, using tennis courts, basketball courts, play equipment, off-leash dog parks, baseball, volleyball, etc.

Mr. Len Higashi, Acting Executive Director

Vehicle registrations can be renewed online, at self-service kiosks inside select Safeway and Foodland stores, as well as by mail. More information on these options is available at the Department of Customer Services website.

Kilauea District Park

Mayor Kirk Caldwell announced that certain Oauhu businesses will be allowed to open with limitations. This Order is effective from 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, April 30 through 4:30 p.m. on May 18.

Appointments can be made on AlohaQ.org.

For non-pandemic counseling and services, including crisis support, mental health resources and substance use treatment services, you may always call the Hawai‘i CARES hotline 24/7 at 1 (800) 753-6879 or text “ALOHA” to 741741.

Department of Parks and Recreation: City parks, courts, fields and parking lots are open. City skate parks and off-leash dog parks will reopen on Friday, May 29. The Koko Head Shooting Complex, city archery ranges, People’s Open Markets, and pools (lap swim only) are scheduled to reopen on Friday, June 5. The five Honolulu Botanical Gardens are open for passive use. This means no camping, garden tours, or recreational programs will be offered at that time. Other park facilities remain closed to the public, such as: playgrounds, campgrounds, gyms, and recreation buildings. Please be advised that lifeguards are not stationed in their regular towers but are instead on roving patrols. Stand-alone comfort stations are open but they will be closed during cleaning, maintenance, and regular park closure hours. For more information, please visit honolulu.gov/parks.

Ms. Kathy Sokugawa, Acting Director

At least 25,000 in Hawaii have been vaccinated for COVID-19 and the state is now preparing to administer the second dose to thousands of healthcare workers.

Mr. Scott Murakami, Director

*ALL VACCINES ADMINISTERED ARE BY APPOINTMENT ONLY*

“The 21 days is the standard recommendation,” she said. “The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices said it’s acceptable to get it as early as 17 days after the first dose of Pfizer vaccine. And there is no confirmed time period after 21 days that would require starting again.

Currently, the CVS website lists people over the age of 75 as eligible to receive a vaccine. If you qualify under this requirement, you may schedule an appointment on the CVS website after completing a short questionnaire. Pharmacies will have either the Pfizer or Moderna vaccine based on availability. For more information, contact (800) 746-7287 or visit https://www.cvs.com/immunizations/covid-19-vaccine

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 53 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. The meeting will also be streamed live online at olelo.org/53.

Online Registration begins Thursday, June 18 at 6 p.m.

State expands eligibility to more Phase 1c essential workers on Monday

11:00 a.m. Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

The Preschool Open Doors (POD) program application period began earlier in January and is open through March 31, 2021. Funds are limited, so DHS encourages families to apply as soon as possible.

‘Āina Haina Community Park

PLEASE NOTE: Sites and availability change rapidly, please refer to https://www.oneoahu.org/vaccine for more information.

The Legislature’s proposed plan builds upon UHERO’s estimates that $618 million in spending will generate more than $1 billion in Gross Domestic Product over the coming year and help Hawaiʻi’s households and businesses by supporting up to 6,500 jobs. The plan provides discretion to the Ige Administration to spend the remaining CARES funds to pay for unanticipated and emerging needs. This discretionary amount could be used to bolster Hawaiʻi’s unemployment insurance funds or support COVID-19 related programs.

This software was successfully used for shooters to make reservations at the Koko Head Shooting Complex beginning on Wednesday, June 3, and will serve a larger capacity in DPR registration and reservations in the future.

View Vaccine Registration Directory

To qualify for the program, children must be eligible to enter kindergarten in the 2022-2023 school year (born between Aug. 1, 2016, and July 31, 2017). If awarded a subsidy, families may use any one of the 409 state-licensed preschools. DHS also gives priority to underserved or at-risk children. Preschool Open Doors provides subsidies to eligible families to help pay preschool tuition.

Asing Community Park

Gov. Ige announced that the state will be lifting the 14-day quarantine requirement for inter-island travelers, effective June 16.

The governor is expected to extend the 14-day quarantine for travelers through June 30. This comes as the governor announced that he intends to continue Hawaii’s safer-at-home order through June 30. The Hawaii Tourism Authority, Department of Transportation, and other state agencies are working with the airlines to toughen the entry restrictions, to include revising the visitor arrival form, requiring the flight crew to complete the form, seeking to confirm return flights, increasing the screening staff at airports, stiffening hotel quarantines, enforcing rules on car rentals, and confirming hotel or home stays, among others. The COVID-19 committee met with the Police Chief, representatives from the Courts, and the Prosecutor's Office to coordinate enforcement of the 14-day quarantine. There were general agreements for a maximum bail of $2,000 for quarantine violators. Arraignment would be done virtually within 48-72 hours. Police statistics for Emergency Proclamation violations from March 20 to May 14 included 9,313 warnings, 5,244 citations, and 292 arrests.

Makakilo Community Park

More information will be made available on the Capitol website: www.capitol.hawaii.gov.

Learn More About Kū Makani FREE Mental Health Resources

The number of COVID-19 cases in Hawai‘i has been declining and our current positivity rate is now under 1%. This is an encouraging sign that Hawai‘i is making headway in our battle against the coronavirus. Many sacrifices have been made to get us to where are today, and we can celebrate fewer hospitalizations and healthier communities.

On May 14, the Senate was briefed on the State Administration’s proposal for $1.25 billion appropriated under the federal Coronavirus Aid Relief & Economic Security (CARES) Act. Senate Bill 75 SD2 HD1 passed out of the House Finance Committee and will now head to the full House for a vote next week. Concerns remain regarding how agencies will spend these funds, such as economic support to those most affected during this pandemic.

The six driver licensing centers on O‘ahu reopened May 26 for in-office visits also on an appointment-only basis.

This partnership is an effort to continue the momentum in vaccinating residents and caregivers of small residential care homes throughout the state.

Attendance Limits:

Safety Protocols:

District 1 (Hawaiʻi Kai to McCully) - ph. (808) 768-8944

This voluntary application is free and can be downloaded now from both the Apple and Google Play stores. Once downloaded, the app uses Bluetooth technology to anonymously communicate with other phones that have the application. The devices will “ping” one another, measuring the strength of the Bluetooth signal, distance of each device, and the duration of the contact. The more people who use the app, the safer and healthier we will make our community. If an individual is diagnosed with COVID-19, they will receive a text message from the Department of Health with a verification code to input into the app. This code will anonymously notify other devices about their possible COVID-19 exposure. The notification will not disclose any personally identifying information such as where, how, or when they were exposed. To trigger a notification alert, devices must have been within 6 feet of each other for at least 15 minutes in the past 14 days. If someone receives a notification from AlohaSafe Alert that they may have been exposed to COVID-19, they are recommended to self-quarantine, and get tested. According to the AlohaSafe website:

The order also includes a 15 percent increase in benefits for families of the more than 93,500 Hawai‘i students who qualify for free or reduced-priced school meals and are currently receiving Pandemic Electronic Benefit Transfer (P-EBT) benefits due to COVID-19 related school closures, as well as a directive for food assistance benefits to be updated to reflect the true cost of a healthy diet.

Koko Head District Park

Select Longs Drugs locations are now offering the COVID-19 vaccine to those eligible and by appointment only. Longs Drugs Pharmacy Aiea will be participating in this program, but active stores may change based on vaccine availability. The list of specific stores will be available on CVS.com as stores receive shipments and appointments become available. As of today, February 25, 2021, the Aiea Longs location located at 98-1005 Moanalua Rd #400 Aiea, HI 96701 has appointments available for vaccinations.

Appointments can be made at AlohaQ.org. The system will allow appointments only for those licenses expiring in June. (This includes licenses and state IDs with March expiration dates that were previously granted a 90-day extension under a state emergency order.) Later in the month, open appointment slots will be offered driver licenses and state IDs with July expiration dates. (This would include those with April expiration dates that were similarly extended by emergency order to July.)

2:15 p.m. - Department of Human Resources Development, Mr. Ryker Wada, Director

For more information on the testing run by Kalihi Kai Urgent Care, call (808) 841-2273.

This plan provides stakeholders from the whole community with the operational information needed to prepare their organizations to support the HDOH COVID-19 Vaccination Program. The HDOH COVID-19 Vaccination Core Planning Team recommends that stakeholders develop/update standard operating procedures (SOPs), as well as supporting plans and procedures, and continue outreach efforts throughout Hawaii to prepare the public for the COVID-19 Vaccination Program as vaccines become more widely available.

Mā‘ili Community Park*

Ms. Kathy Kaohu, County Clerk

Office of Elections

Department of Planning and Permitting

No public testimony will be accepted.If you require special assistance, please call 586-6800 or email your request to waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov.

Kailua District Park

Despite a national push to get students back in classrooms full-time, following new safety guidance from the CDC, schools Superintendent Christina Kishimoto said Hawaii public schools are unlikely to return to full in-person learning before next school year.

Waimānalo District Park

Dr. Eugene Tian, Chief State Economist

Paki Community Park

Ms. Rona Suzuki, Director

Mandatory 14-day quarantine for travelers, eviction moratorium also continue

Public Transportation - TheBus and TheHandi-Van: These services are operating with increased sanitary precautions for passenger and driver safety and health. Visit thebus.org or call 848-5555 for up-to-date schedules and information. The TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is open for in-person assessments for those extending or applying for eligibility. Distancing practices must be followed. TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is located at the First Insurance Center, 1100 Ward Avenue, Suite 835. For questions or to schedule an assessment, call (808) 538-0033, Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Who is next in line for vaccinations?

To allow access to the proceedings, the Senate will be providing live streams of all Senate hearings and floor sessions in real time, on YouTube and/or ‘Ōlelo and neighbor island cable networks, with live closed captioning. A list of upcoming and archived Senate hearings is available here: http://olelo.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=13

The Hawaii State Senate recently new operational changes ahead of the 2021 legislative session.

Location: Neal Blaisdell Concert Hall (Registration is across from the parking lot) 777 Ward Avenue, Honolulu

Why Get Vaccinated?

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 23, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 24, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

You are considered “fully vaccinated” two weeks after receiving the complete dose of your vaccine. If you receive the 2-dose Pfizer or Moderna vaccines, then you are “fully vaccinated” two weeks after your second dose. If you receive a single-dose vaccine like Johnson & Johnson’s Janssen vaccine, you will be fully vaccinated two weeks after your shot. If it has been less than two weeks or if you are still waiting for your second dose, you are NOT fully protected. Even after you are fully vaccinated, you should continue to protect yourself and others by following safe practices whenever you are near unvaccinated people outside of your own household. This means continuing to: wear a mask, stay at least 6 feet apart and avoid crowds and poorly ventilated spaces.

Registration opportunities for those 60 and older will soon be available through links posted on HawaiiCOVID19.com/vaccination-registration and from healthcare providers around the state.

On Friday, April 24, Kalihi Kai Urgent Care will be conducting testing at ʻEwa Mahiko District Park in ʻEwa Beach. Testing at 91-1205 Renton Road will run from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.

Ms. Georja Skinner, Chief Officer

The amended bill states (HB117), “Due to the unprecedented economic downturn resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the legislature believes that continued implementation of the commission's recommendations for the executive and judicial branches, and planned adjustments for the legislature, is irresponsible at this time and should be deferred.”

If you have questions about the vaccine, visit https://www.hawaiipacifichealth.org/hph-covid-19-updates/vaccine-update for updates.

Children must be six years old before Aug. 1, 2020 and not older than thirteen years old by July 28, 2020 to qualify. The modified Summer Fun will still utilize Junior Leaders.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on Olelo channel 49 on Oahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels.

12:00 p.m. Department of Health, State Laboratories

Building Permit Applications: Available by appointment only. Self-service permits are available online at honolulu.gov/dpp.

Please note that these operations may have altered hours. Please visit their websites before going to the location for services.

Hawaii State Energy Office

Also extended through the end of May -- the 14-day quarantine for both visitors and residents entering the state and for inter-island travelers.

Waikele Community Park

Vaccinations expand to Hawai‘i residents 60+ on Monday

Click here to read more from KITV4 news.

As part of its 2021 Legislative Program, the Hawaii State Senate will be focusing on ten of the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. The Senate has bipartisan dedication to the protection and sustainability of the islands’ people, communities, natural resources, and economic prosperity through advancing these U.N. goals.

Only Ala Moana Satellite City Hall will temporarily remain closed to in-office visits as it prepares to relocate within the shopping center.

Board of Water Supply: Water service remains operational and the water is safe to drink. Testing is conducted daily. BWS account services are available online at boardofwatersupply.com, by mail, or by phone. In-person services are suspended.

O‘ahu motorists are reminded that a safety check inspection is not required to renew motor vehicle registrations that are expiring in April or May.

Mr. Chris Tatum, CEO

Beware of COVID-19 vaccine scams! All COVID-19 vaccinations are free.

2. After receiving a notice that their item(s) are ready for pick up, patrons can schedule a Library Take Out time at picktime.com/hspls.

To reach a trained Kū Makani counselor, just call the Hawai‘i CARES hotline during these hours:

Adventist Health Castle will begin its second round of vaccinations next Monday, and for that week the concentration will also be pushing out another vaccine to those who received their first.

Kanewai Community Park

Over the past month, new COVID-19 variants have emerged from around the globe: first in the United Kingdom, then South Africa and Brazil. The CDC has warned that the U.K. variant could be the predominant variant in the U.S. sometime this month. As of now, three variants (P.2, B.1.429, and B.1.1.7) are already here in the islands, underscoring the importance of preventative measures. COVID-19 vaccination is an important tool in getting our communities back to normal. The CDC is continuing to investigate the effectiveness of COVID-19 vaccines against the new variants. Scientists also are working to learn about new variants of the virus. More studies are needed to understand how new variants may affect the effectiveness of existing COVID-19 vaccines. So far, studies suggest that antibodies generated through vaccination with currently authorized vaccines recognize these variants. This is being closely investigated and more studies are underway. Some of the new variants of the COVID-19 virus may spread more easily and quickly, which can lead to more cases of COVID-19. So, don’t wait. Plan to get whichever vaccine is available to you. Even after you are vaccinated, continue to follow all of the protective strategies to limit the spread of COVID-19. This includes wearing a mask, physical distancing, washing hands and staying home when you are sick which will also help prevent the spread of new variants. This is the time to stay vigilant! To learn more about the COVID-19 vaccine, visit HawaiiCOVID19.com/vaccine.

1:00 p.m.

TO FILE A CLAIM OR CHECK YOUR STATUS

The proclamation also includes:

Creative Industries Division

The Hawai‘i Department of Transportation has closed safety inspection stations to comply with social distancing recommendations stemming from COVID-19 and extended safety inspection certificates as well as stickers through May 31, 2020.

According to the Hawaii State Department of Health, the vaccine is currently only available to those who qualify under Phase groups 1-A and 1-B:

View Vaccine FAQs

The number of new COVID-19 cases is expected to rise once travel is re-opened. However, the State Department of Health has begun the process of training 500 new contact tracers, exceeding the recommended standards set by the Centers for Disease Control, and is exploring other screening and testing procedures.

Mr. Greg Barbour, Executive Director

Registration:

The reminder comes as 133,928 motor vehicle registrations on O‘ahu are scheduled to be renewed between April and May.

Clinic Hours of Operation: By appointment only.

Kapaolono Community Park

The public is encouraged to participate by submitting written testimony. No in-person testimony will be allowed at this time due to COVID-19. To submit testimony, please visit: https://www.capitol.hawaii.gov/submittestimony.aspx

The proposal also allows the following to resume operations with modifications:

Gov. David Ige approved Mayor Kirk Caldwell’s proposal to safely re-open more businesses and operations on O‘ahu, under guidelines that will ensure the safety of employees and customers.

View Hawaii's Vaccine Timeline and Who's Next in Line

2:00 p.m. Department of Health - Dr. Bruce Anderson, Director

A public-private partnership — that includes the City and County of Honolulu, Aloha United Way, the Council for Native Hawaiian Advancement, Helping Hands Hawaii, and other service providers — will work directly with individuals and families dealing with economic hardship to administer these resources and ensure Oahu residents have the support they need.

Foreign Trade Zone Division

District 4

Waiau District Park

The governor noted that the next step in re-opening air travel will be restoring out-of-state travel to the islands in a safe manner. He has been working on plans to do this said he would announce them soon.

Our COVID-19 numbers are the lowest they have been in months and the City & County of Honolulu has officially moved into Tier 3 as of today, February 25th. For more information on the reopening strategy and the various tiers, please visit: https://www.oneoahu.org/reopening-strategy

Under Phase 1 of the state’s re-opening, the following businesses and operations can re-open starting May 7, 2020 at 12:01 a.m. However, everyone is advised to check the restrictions in place in each county, as they may differ.

Starting next week, those whose last name starts with the letters A through G should file on Mondays.

If you have questions about the vaccine, please call Queen’s COVID-19 Vaccination Line: 808-691-2222 or visit https://covid.queens.org/vaccination for updates.

Department of Health expands mental health assistance in response to the ongoing pandemic

DOH TO PARTNER WITH PHARMACIES STATEWIDE TO PROVIDE COVID-19 VACCINE

“I would expect that we stay pretty close to what our expectations are. If you’ve received a first dose, you’re pretty guaranteed that we will have a second dose,” said Erik Anderson, chief nursing officer at Adventist Health Castle. “So we might not have first doses available next week. That would probably be more up there than not having a second dose.”

Kaimuki Community Park

Summer Fun Sites 2020:

Many families become overwhelmed with questions and concerns about caregiving while often struggling to navigate insurance, time away from work and finances while in quarantine or isolation. For those who live in multigenerational homes, everyone is impacted.

Veterans Affairs

The proposal also includes the re-opening of outdoor attractions with limitations, starting Thursday, May 28. This includes:

Pililā‘au Community Park

Although buildings remain closed to the public for now, the Library Take Out is a convenient and safe way to access library books and materials.

No pubic testimony will be accepted.

In addition to standard school health and safety protocols, commencement events will need to follow other rules.

.

1:15 p.m. Department of Health

Wilson Community Park

According to Dr. Melinda Ashton, the chief quality officer with Hawaii Pacific Health, the hospital is trying to administer second doses as efficiently as possible.

The times to file are Monday through Friday from 6:30 a.m. to 11 p.m.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be livestreamed via http://olelo.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=13.

Phase 1-A: Began in mid-December and is expected to be completed this month, focuses on health care workers and long-term care facility residents.

12:15 p.m. - Hawaii Agriculture Foundation, Ms. Denise Yamaguchi, Executive Director

The Hawaii State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 will hold a hearing today at noon live on ‘Olelo 49.

“This is another major step forward in the implementation of our state’s vaccination plan,” said Dr. Libby Char, director, Hawai‘i Department of Health. “With residents and staff of larger long-term care facilities such as assisted living communities now in progress, we’re now turning our attention to residential care homes and community care foster family homes.”

Got Questions About The COVID-19 Vaccines

 <tag> li




Goal #4 - Quality education: To ensure inclusive and equitable quality education, and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all by increasing access to broadband technology for all students, modernizing schools, carefully implementing plans for in-person and distance learning, and evaluating the teaching workloads and classifications of the University of Hawaii.

Staff and keiki will be provided hand sanitizer.

2nd dose appointments will be scheduled for you at your 1st dose appointment.

Water parks

Indoor attractions (theaters, museums, arcades, bowling alleys, etc.),

All Senate standing committee hearings will be live streamed on YouTube. This is a significant improvement in public access over previous years when only selected hearings were broadcast on cable television and streamed over the internet. In addition to the live streams, the Senate will continue to work with public access television providers on all islands to broadcast Senate committee hearings and floor sessions. All live streams will be available online and on demand at youtube.com/hawaiisenate.

Teachers, childcare and educational support staff (childcare, early education, K-12, post-secondary)

Public and private golf courses within the City operating in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the Professional Golfers’ Association’s “Procedures for Reintroduction to the Game and Business of Golf” as may be updated/amended.

Services provided on a one-one-one bases. Businesses that provide services such as private tutoring, certain music instrument lessons, etc., on a one-on-one basis, that comply with social distancing requirements;

Game rooms

Criminal liability for hosts of guests who violate quarantine requirements or owners of cars that are rented to quarantine violators.

80% of all smartphone users (i.e. 56% of the overall population) would be enough to suppress the pandemic on its own without any other form of intervention.

Entertainment areas

Persons ages 16-64 years with high-risk medical conditions: Individuals of all authorized vaccine eligible ages with underlying conditions that increase the risk for severe COVID-19 (30% of population)

U.S. Postal Service employees

Designated spaces will be made for each group, with activities conducted on a rotating basis.

Department of Parks and Recreation: City parks, courts, fields and parking lots are open. City skate parks and off-leash dog parks will reopen on Friday, May 29. The Koko Head Shooting Complex, city archery ranges, People’s Open Markets, and pools (lap swim only) are scheduled to reopen on Friday, June 5. The five Honolulu Botanical Gardens are open for passive use. This means no camping, garden tours, or recreational programs will be offered at that time. Other park facilities remain closed to the public, such as: playgrounds, campgrounds, gyms, and recreation buildings. Please be advised that lifeguards are not stationed in their regular towers but are instead on roving patrols. Stand-alone comfort stations are open but they will be closed during cleaning, maintenance, and regular park closure hours. For more information, please visit honolulu.gov/parks.

Healthcare Workers and First Responders

Essential workers not recommended for vaccination in Phase 1b: Essential workers that were not included in Phase 1b (7% of population)

Agriculture (non-food), such as landscape, ornamental plant growers, and nurseries

Social Distancing Requirements (as defined in the Order) are adhered to at all times.

Click on the button “For New Claims, Please Complete This Form.” DO NOT click on “Claimant Services” which connects to the old server system. This is where people are experiencing issues logging in and attempting to file a claim.

PARTICIPANTS MUST BE IN A VEHICLE TO RECEIVE ASSISTANCE. Walk-ups or bicyclists will not be permitted.

Frontline essential workers: Includes first responders, and frontline essential workers, defined as workers whose duties must be performed on-site and require being in close proximity (<6 feet) to the public or coworkers, and are essential to the functioning of society (11% of population)

Participants assume the risk that food supplies may run out before they can be served.

Combined with other measures, if 15% of our community uses AlohaSafe Alert, we can reduce infections by 8% and deaths by 6%.

One adult, 18 years of age or older, may accompany kupuna who have an appointment.

The Senate will be using Zoom as its online meeting platform.

Car Washes

Goal #11 - Sustainable cities and communities: To continue the commitment to develop inclusive, safe, resilient, and sustainable neighborhoods by increasing access to affordable housing; reducing homelessness, increasing local food production to promote food security; investing in Farm-to-State programs; ending the housing shortage; investing in local talent; training local workers in technical jobs; and maintaining local infrastructure such as state parks, airfields, and small boat harbors.

Utilities workers

No one will be permitted to exit their vehicles during the distribution.

Larger schools that may experience difficulties in hosting a safe, in-person ceremony are encouraged to consider alternative options such as a blend of in-person and virtual ceremonies, staggered drive-through ceremonies or drive-in formats.

Committee Chairs will have the option to conduct hearings 100% remotely or offer their members a hybrid set-up with some Senators participating from Senate conference rooms and some joining the hearing remotely.

H.R.6201 – Families First Coronavirus Response Act.

Goal #9 - Industry Innovation and Infrastructure: To build resilient infrastructure., promote inclusive and sustainable industrialization, and foster innovation, by investing in and preventing the exodus of local talent; diversifying the economy; assuring the digital accessibility to all communities; and promoting a creative resurgence in the culture and arts.

Anyone with unexplained respiratory illness since January 2020 who were never tested for COVID-19

A household is defined by an address and everyone who lives at that address. i.e. Multiple families and/or generations living under one roof will be counted as one (1) household.

Emergency service workers

Written testimony and videoconference testimony registration will be accepted through the Legislature’s website. No in-person testimony will be allowed.

Adults aged 65-74 years (10% of population)

June 5: Business/commercial businesses (in addition to restaurants), indoor residential, non-commercial gatherings of 10 or less (regardless of household)

Museums

Mar. 16: Supplementary proclamation suspending certain laws to enable state and county responses to COVID-19

To check on the status of your claim 24/7, click on “Check Your Claim Status.”

Education and care facilities (private education, adult care, special needs care facilities),

First responders, including police officers, firefighters, etc.

Fitness facilities (spaces for yoga, barre classes, hula hālau, etc.),

Other beauty operators

Those essential for federal, state, and local government operations

Visit https://huiclaims.hawaii.gov/#/

Complete the Registration and Scheduling process using the link: https://mychart.hawaiipacifichealth.org/signup

Critical transportation infrastructure workers (harbor and dock workers, public transportation, etc.)

There is currently no co-pay associated with the COVID-19 vaccine.

Parking for the vaccine clinic is available at three locations: Pier 2, Waterfront Plaza and Aloha Tower Market Place.

Shooting and Archery Ranges

All keiki and staff are required to wear a cloth face mask, with consideration to existing exemptions such as a medical condition which prohibits use of a face covering.

The extension of the eviction moratorium through July 31.

Public transportation workers

Emergency services dispatchers

Goal #10 - Reduced inequalities: To promote social, economic, and political growth for all by supporting affordable housing and investing in broadband connectivity in underserved areas.

Certain real estate services. All real property sales and management activities must be accomplished by remote/electronic means whenever possible. Restrictions and permitted real estate services are outlined in Emergency Order No. 2020-09;

Tattoo artists

Retail & Repair Services, such as apparel, florists, watch & surfboard repair (Note: retail does not re-open in City & County of Honolulu until May 15, and retail & most repair will not re-open in Maui county.)

Complete the Registration and Scheduling process using the link: kp.org/register.

Auto Dealerships

Long-term care facility residents: Adults who reside in facilities that provide a range of services, including medical and personal care, to persons who are unable to to live independently (1% of population)

The City’s “COVID-19 Guidance for Business” is followed to the greatest extent possible.

$14 million to the DOH for contact tracing/testing, vaccination and contract tracing staff, investigation and infection control, PPE and supplies;

Apr. 16: Fifth supplementary proclamation implementing enhanced social distancing requirements and an eviction moratorium

All keiki and staff will have their temperature taken at the beginning of each day.

People’s Open Markets

Goal #3 - Good health and well-being: Promoting health and well-being by implementing evidence-based strategies to combat the COVID-19 pandemic, improving access to quality health care, supporting family caregivers, and improving local resiliency in health care by training medical professionals.

Teachers, child care workers and education support staff

Corrections officers and staff

If you are not part of the vaccination group above, please do not schedule a vaccine appointment here.

$36 million for thermal screening at the airports;

Pet Grooming Services

Public Transportation - TheBus and TheHandi-Van: These services are operating with increased sanitary precautions for passenger and driver safety and health. Visit thebus.org or call 848-5555 for up-to-date schedules and information. The TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is open for in-person assessments for those extending or applying for eligibility. Distancing practices must be followed. TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is located at the First Insurance Center, 1100 Ward Avenue, Suite 835. For questions or to schedule an assessment, call (808) 538-0033, Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Keiki participants will be within the same group for the entire program.

DPR is still hiring for those interested in working as Summer Fun Aides. Please click here if you are interested in fun, seasonal work opportunity, or call the District Office of the location where you would like to work (listed below)

Childcare services, licensed or authorized under the law

Graduates will be allowed to bring a maximum of two members from their household. No additional guests will be allowed. Schools also have the authority to reduce this number based on venue restrictions and ceremony formats.

Mobile service providers. Businesses that provide service on a mobile bases in which no human interaction between the service provider and the customer, including, but not limited to, mobile pet grooming and car washing/detailing businesses;

Corrections officers

Movie theatres

The Household Information Form can be downloaded below: A separate form must be filled out for each household represented in the vehicle.

Mar. 23: Third supplementary proclamation mandating social distancing measures throughout the state

June 19: Indoor operations such as:

Performers who sing or play wind instruments must keep a distance of at least 10 feet from other people.

Occupancy is limited at all times to no more than one (1) person per 200 square feet of the gross operation area (which equates to approximately 50 percent of the maximum occupancy load).

Complete the Registration and Scheduling process using the link, the button to schedule will be at the bottom of the page: https://covid.queens.org/vaccination/

Reducing the number of recess days from thirteen to nine.

If you are already a Hawaii Pacific Health patient and have a MyChart account, you will receive a notification through MyChart to schedule an appointment.

Food will be placed directly into the vehicle at each food distribution station.

Goal #13 - Climate action: To take urgent action to combat climate change by promoting sustainable tourism, exploring carbon sequestration, and investing in renewable energy.

Driver’s licensing and Satellite City Halls: All six of the driver licensing centers in the City and County of Honolulu are open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. The online appointment system for appoints for driver licenses and state identification services can be accessed at alohaq.org. The system has been revised to serve the greatest needs first. For assistance with making an appointment, call: (808) 768-4177. Masks or face coverings are required during all in-office visits. For more information, visit honolulu.gov.csd. The Kapahulu Vehicle Reconstruction Inspection Station in the City and County of Honolulu is open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. For assistance, call: (808) 768-4325.

Building Permit Applications: Available by appointment only. Self-service permits are available online at honolulu.gov/dpp.

All persons aged 16 years or older not previously recommended for vaccination: All other persons residing in Hawaii aged 16 years or older not already recommended for vaccination in Phases 1a, 1b, or 1c (27% of population)

Goal #16 - Peace, justice, and strong institutions: To promote peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable development; provide access to justice for all; and build effective, accountable, and inclusive institutions at all levels by examining government agencies that could be restructured and evaluating leadership and inmate training programs in correctional facilities in Hawaii.

You can also schedule an appointment by calling: (808) 691-2222.

COVID-19 Infoline: (808) 691-2619, Mon – Fri, 8 am – 8 pm, Sat – Sun, 8 am – 1 pm

A vehicle may pick up food for a MAXIMUM OF THREE (3) HOUSEHOLDS.

Shortening conference by one-week.

$637 million to be deposited into the state's rainy day fund to be allocated in subsequent sessions.

Performers who sing or play wind instruments need not wear face coverings, but a physical barrier is required between performers and patrons/staff for indoor restaurants/bars.

To preserve the vaccine supply for the designated priority group, we will only be vaccinating residents 75 years of age and older at this time.

Neighborhood Board Commission: Neighborhood boards will resume public meetings beginning June 1. Physical distancing requirements are followed. For meeting information, please contact the NCO at 768-3710, email nco@honolulu.gov, or visit the office’s website at honolulu.gov/nco.

Adults 75 years of age and older (9% of population)

The special parking rate for Waterfront Plaza and Aloha Tower Market Place locations is $2 for 2 hours with documentation of your vaccine clinic visit.

Board of Water Supply: Water service remains operational and the water is safe to drink. Testing is conducted daily. BWS account services are available online at boardofwatersupply.com, by mail, or by phone. In-person services are suspended.

Only 12 keiki will be allowed per adult supervisor, which will constitute one group.

Downloading the Household Information Form and pre-filling it out does not guarantee you will receive food at the distribution – in the event that food supplies run out before your vehicle is served.

The elimination of prohibitions related to beaches, boating, hiking and shoreline fishing, as these activities are being addressed through the counties in coordination with the state Department of Land and Natural Resources.

AN ADULT FROM EACH HOUSEHOLD MUST BE PRESENT WITH A VALID GOVERNMENT-ISSUED ID.

The ceremony must be held outdoors or in a venue with adequate ventilation. Third-party venues are allowed.

Mar. 31: Fourth supplementary proclamation implementing a mandatory 14-day self-quarantine for people traveling between the islands in the State of Hawai‘i

Food-court dining areas (except for delivery or carry out)

Staff or keiki will not be allowed to participate in the program if they are sick, have been in contact with someone diagnosed with COVID-19, or have traveled out-of-state within the past 14 days.

Teachers and childcare and educational support staff (childcare, early education, K‐12, post‐secondary)

Common areas (except to access and depart from a retail or repair service business)

U.S. Postal Service workers.

Goal #7 - Affordable and clean energy: To ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable, and modern energy for all by promoting renewable energy and committing to reduce our reliance on fossil fuels.

Pools

Indoor facilities being used by for Summer Fun will remain closed to the public throughout the program. Outdoor facilities being used for Summer Fun will be off-limits to the public during the specific program times, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m., but will be reopened for general public use outside of that timeframe.

Arcades

Within shopping malls, the following must remain closed:

Maintenance staff will clean bathroom facilities twice daily.

$8 million to DLIR for IT Modernization, UI Program Enhancements, and facility and staff support;

Play areas

Individuals essential for federal, state and local government operations.

COVID-19 Vaccination Line: (808) 691-2222, Mon – Fri, 7:30 am – 5 pm

Nail technicians

Barbers

Campgrounds

If you are unable to download the Household Information Form, there will be printed forms available at the distribution. Please bring a pen.

The distribution organizers reserve the right to refuse service to individuals who do not comply with the rules established for this food distribution.

Critical utilities (energy, water, etc.)

Shopping Malls – limited to retail and repair services (Note: shopping malls are not reopening in Maui county.)

Goal #8 - Decent work and economic growth: To promote robust, inclusive, and sustainable economic growth, opportunity for full and productive employment, and work for all, by improving Hawaii’s economic resilience; aiding small businesses devastated by the coronavirus pandemic; diversifying industry; managing sustainable tourism; investing in access to broadband technology; and pivoting the State economy towards agriculture.

Mar. 21: Second supplementary proclamation implementing mandatory 14-day self-quarantine for visitors and residents entering the State of Hawai‘i

Previous COVID-19 positive individuals and their families and close contacts

Front line tourism industry workers with direct exposure to visitors

H.R.748 – CARES Act.

Observatories & Support Facilities

$40 million for AG enforcement, PPE, payroll, and other department requests;

New and used car and truck dealerships – sales and leasing activities (with restrictions);

Department of Environmental Services: Regular curbside refuse, green waste, and recycling service is still being conducted. Convenience centers and transfer stations remain open. Please note, all in-person services are suspended. Visit opala.org for more information.

Hairdressers

Fitness centers

$1 million for the PUA program (UI for independent contractors & GIG workers);

Goal #17 - Partnership for the goals: To continue to implement the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals by creating effective public, private, and civil society partnerships by building on existing partnerships; enhancing a coherent policy for sustainable development; and improving the resiliency of the economy and healthcare systems in Hawaii.

H.R.266 - Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act.

Testifiers will be given the option to submit remote virtual testimony once written testimony is submitted. Individuals must register no later than 24 hours prior to the committee hearing in order to be added to the remote virtual testimony list.

Pier 2 parking is free but is limited and preferred for persons with restricted mobility.

Use your legal name and information as shown on a state-issued ID.

First responders

Sea life attractions

Bars.

Automated service providers. Service providers that do not require human interaction between the service provider and the customer, including for example, fully automated car washes;

You will be receiving the Moderna COVID-19 vaccine. We will schedule you to come back to this clinic 28 days later for your 2nd dose.

H.R.6074 – Coronavirus Preparedness and Response Supplemental Appropriations Act.

The 10-foot distance requirement does not apply to members of the same performing group.

Health care personnel: Includes paid and unpaid personnel serving in health care settings who have the potential for direct or indirect exposure to patients or infectious materials (5% of population)

Similar outdoor facilities

Outdoor organized team sports (two phases, with phase 1 beginning June 19),

 <tag> span




Ala Pu‘umalu Community Park

Due to the pandemic, the State Capitol building remains closed to the public at this time.

Legislative Timetable:

Hau‘ula Community Park

THURSDAY, MARCH 25, 2021 10:00 AM

Chaminade University -

DO NOT

Mr. Dennis Ling, Administrator

Healthcare Workers and First Responders

The Hawai‘i State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 sent letters to Hawai‘i Supreme Court Chief Justice Mark Recktenwald and Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell expressing concerns about the enforcement of the travel quarantine orders put into effect by Governor David Ige.

WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 2020 9:05 AM

Click on the button “For New Claims, Please Complete This Form.” DO NOT click on “Claimant Services” which connects to the old server system. This is where people are experiencing issues logging in and attempting to file a claim.

Senate President Ronald D. Kouchi, State House Speaker Scott K. Saiki, Senator Donovan M. Dela Cruz, and Representative Sylvia Luke announced the Legislature’s comprehensive plan to use $635 million in federal CARES Act funds to provide ongoing, immediate relief to residents and small businesses who are suffering from the devastating economic shutdown caused by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. The plan aims to support and reinforce the social safety net for our residents, rebuild and move our economy forward, and address the ongoing pandemic.

Finally, Wednesdays are for P through Z.

TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 2020 8:51 AM

Sunset Beach Recreation Center

PARTICIPANTS MUST BE IN A VEHICLE TO RECEIVE ASSISTANCE. Walk-ups or bicyclists will not be permitted.

Hawaiian Electric has suspended service disconnections for nonpayment through June 30 to ensure customers’ electricity needs are met as stay-at-home orders are extended due to the coronavirus pandemic.

waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov

The Senate floor session will convene at 11:30 a.m. on Monday, June 22, with hearings getting underway that morning. The session is scheduled to adjourn on Friday, July 10. The new legislative timetable is available here:

Car Washes

Accommodations are available upon request to persons with disabilities. Please call (808) 768-3003 or send an email to parks@honolulu.gov at least five days prior to the event.

Research & Economic Analysis

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be streamed live online at olelo.org/49.

No one will be permitted to exit their vehicles during the distribution.

I EXPECTED TO BENEFIT FROM EMERGENCY FOOD STAMPS, PANDEMIC SCHOOL MEAL PROGRAM

Anyone with unexplained respiratory illness since January 2020 who were never tested for COVID-19

The City opened online appointments for residents whose Hawai‘i driver licenses or state identification cards expire this year in March, April, May, June and July. This is after the state announced its intent to allow licenses and identification cards that expire between March 16 and June 30 to remain valid through Sept. 30.

A household is defined by an address and everyone who lives at that address. i.e. Multiple families and/or generations living under one roof will be counted as one (1) household.

Oahu beaches opened over the weekend, May 16, for activities based on approved guidelines issued by the City and County of Honolulu. In addition to those activities already allowed (e.g., ocean access and exercise), beaches or sand bars within the City may also be utilized with the following restrictions: a. All groups are limited to members of the same household or living unit. b. No group can exceed ten persons. c. All persons using the beach, who are not part of members of the same household or living unit, shall comply with Social Distancing Requirements, provided that a caregiver may accompany a dependent. d. The beach or sand area may only be used one-half hour before sunrise to one-half hour after sunset, unless the person is engaged in shore fishing or permitted outdoor exercise. e. All other State of Hawaiʻi or City restrictions related to COVID-19 must be followed, including, but not limited to, any applicable quarantine restrictions. If you have any questions on Mayor Caldwell’s Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order 2.0, as amended, visit the website, oneoahu.org to find answers to some frequently asked questions. If you still do not find an answer to your question on the site, O‘ahu residents can call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov. The City and County of Honolulu COVID-19 information call center remains open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on holidays.

June 5: Business/commercial businesses (in addition to restaurants), indoor residential, non-commercial gatherings of 10 or less (regardless of household)

Kahalu‘u Community Park

Visit https://huiclaims.hawaii.gov/#/

Procedures for written and road driving-test applications are being reviewed and will be announced at a later time.

Kāne‘ohe Community & Senior Center

The Hawaii State Public Library System announced its statewide launch of Library Take Out at 47 of our 51 public libraries. Starting Tuesday, May 26th, library patrons may now schedule a Library Take Out appointment time to pick up their hold item(s) at their favorite library.

The modified Summer Fun Program will be offered on weekdays, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. from Wednesday July, 1 through Tuesday, July 28 (excluding the holiday on Friday, July 3).

Shooting and Archery Ranges

All keiki and staff are required to wear a cloth face mask, with consideration to existing exemptions such as a medical condition which prohibits use of a face covering.

Pacific Palisades Community Park

Click here to view more information, including school sites and pick-up times.

THOUSANDS IN HAWAI

All keiki and staff will have their temperature taken at the beginning of each day.

The letter to Mayor Caldwell lists the actions taken by the Hawai‘i Department of Transportation to screen and verify passenger information and require compliance with the state’s quarantine orders, but says that the public is consistently reporting “travelers blatantly violating” the quarantine.

Participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations.

Aloha Trace -

$36 million for thermal screening at the airports;

Temperature checks will continue at airports across the state. Anyone with a temperature higher than 100.4 degrees or who is experiencing other symptoms will be required to undergo a secondary screening at the airport with trained healthcare staff.

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 2021 3:25 PM

District 3

AGENDA

Hō‘ae‘ae Community Park

Retail establishments should meet the following guidelines:

Letter to Chief Justice Recktenwald

Testing for regular PCR (nose swab) will be conducted as it has been done previously. If one desires this testing, the attending doctor will determine who should be tested. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head here. Testing will be offered without charge for those without insurance.

Walk-in-and-wait transactions will not be offered. The public can continue to do express payment services, such as water bill payments and annual vehicle registration renewals, via online, mail-in or by 24/7 kiosk options.

This would free up appointment slots for transactions that can more efficiently be completed in-person, such as applying for a disability-parking permit, junking a vehicle or performing complicated motor vehicle transactions related to a lost title or difficult registrations.

Kāne‘ohe District Park

MONDAY, MAY 18, 2020 10:04 AM

The special committee will convene to assess and advise the Senate regarding the State of Hawaii's COVID-19 plans and procedures for reopening the economy and the plans for economic recovery.

Kalākaua District Park

A vehicle may pick up food for a MAXIMUM OF THREE (3) HOUSEHOLDS.

Ms. Angela Keen

TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 2020 2:21 PM

Performers who sing or play wind instruments need not wear face coverings, but a physical barrier is required between performers and patrons/staff for indoor restaurants/bars.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 2021 8:58 AM

12:30 p.m. Airlines for America

. Testing will be offered without charge for those without insurance.

THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2020 1:26 PM

The committee will be meeting with the following to discuss enforcement of the 14-day quarantine and stay-at-home orders:

Only 12 keiki will be allowed per adult supervisor, which will constitute one group.

MONDAY, MAY 11, 2020 10:34 AM

Certain designated businesses and operations in the City and County of Honolulu will be allowed to re-open on May 15, by following specific guidelines as detailed Emergency Order No. 2020-10. The Amended and Restated Stay at Home/Work from Home Order, now under the new name “Ho‘oulu i Honolulu” or “Restore Honolulu” Order, incorporates all prior Emergency Orders, including the wearing of non-medical grade face coverings, social distancing requirements, and the limited opening of City parks.

Downloading the Household Information Form and pre-filling it out does not guarantee you will receive food at the distribution – in the event that food supplies run out before your vehicle is served.

The Special Committee on COVID-19 will meet tomorrow with the following:

Pālolo Valley District Park

MONDAY, MAY 18, 2020 10:07 AM

GDP History, Outlook, and Potential Sector Growth:

If you miss your day, don’t worry, Thursdays through Sundays are open.

The proposal also includes the re-opening of outdoor attractions

DPR is privileged to participate in the Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) in conjunction with Summer Fun.

Common areas (except to access and depart from a retail or repair service business)

For the other eight satellite city halls on O‘ahu, precautions are in place to ensure the safety of customers and employees, who will be required to wear facial coverings and remain six-feet apart from others during all in-office transactions.

Indoor facilities being used by for Summer Fun will remain closed to the public throughout the program. Outdoor facilities being used for Summer Fun will be off-limits to the public during the specific program times, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m., but will be reopened for general public use outside of that timeframe.

Department of Transportation

r. John Y. Gotanda, President

Ala Wai Community Park

within the City operating in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the Professional Golfers’ Association’s “Procedures for Reintroduction to the Game and Business of Golf” as may be updated/amended.

TUESDAY, AUGUST 18, 2020 1:44 PM

THURSDAY, MAY 7, 2020 9:57 AM

Goal #8 - Decent work and economic growth

Kamehameha Community Park

Dr. Mary G. Boland, Dean

‘Ewa Mahiko District Park

The City and County of Honolulu is pleased to announce it is supporting more drive-thru COVID-19 testing this week.

. Businesses that provide service on a mobile bases in which no human interaction between the service provider and the customer, including, but not limited to, mobile pet grooming and car washing/detailing businesses;

Barbers

Campgrounds

The City and County of Honolulu announced that it has reopened its online appointment system for driver license and state identification card services.

Below are those online registration dates and procedures which are determined by geographic park district. All dates and times are Hawai‘i Standard Time:

If you are unable to download the Household Information Form, there will be printed forms available at the distribution. Please bring a pen.

Customers should NOT worry about their power being shut off due to nonpayment through the end of June, and any threat of immediate disconnection unless payment is made received before June 30 should be treated as a scam. Customers experiencing financial hardship because of the pandemic are urged to contact Hawaiian Electric to discuss payment arrangements and options.

Ms. Alexandra Slous, State Disaster Recovery Coordinator

Addressing the public health needs of the COVID-19 pandemic is another pillar to the comprehensive funding plan. “The Legislature’s plan devotes $100 million to distribute ample sanitation and PPE supplies for essential workers beyond the health care community including child care facilities, elderly care homes, small businesses, schools, and non-profits that work with populations vulnerable to the coronavirus,” said Senate President Ronald Kouchi.

Testing will be made available to those without insurance as well. For more information on this testing, please call Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Front line tourism industry workers with direct exposure to visitors

The Senate's primary budgetary focus will be on deploying the existing federal CARES Act money,” said Senate President Kouchi.

Dr. Bruce Anderson, Director

Hairdressers

Satellite city halls across O‘ahu will start reopening July 1 for regular in-office service on an appointment-only basis.

Those whose last name starts with H through O should file on Tuesdays.

1:30 p.m.

Tomorrow, May 8, Kalihi Kai Urgent Care will conduct testing at ʻEwa Beach Community Park. Testing will be from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.

‘Aiea District Park

Sea life attractions

Antibody testing determines whether a patient was exposed to COVID-19 and now has antibodies against the virus; it is not used to determine whether someone currently has the disease. The test also does not tell you whether or not you may be susceptible to getting COVID-19 again. Patients should discuss results with their healthcare provider to understand what the results mean for them.

Mākaha Community Park

The Hawai‘i State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 will hold a meeting beginning at 1 p.m. today, live on ‘Ōlelo channel 49 on O‘ahu and http://olelo.org/49. The State Capitol remains closed to the public.

The 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation, EXHIBIT G, lists the businesses/operations designated for re-opening, and outlines specific safety guidelines for each. It also includes county-specific requirements. For example, retail businesses on Oʻahu may not open until May 15, 2020, and Maui County will not allow retail, most repair shops and malls to reopen at this time.

The special committee will be meeting with the following:

FRIDAY, JANUARY 22, 2021 1:11 PM

Wahiawā District Park

Gov. Ige has approved Mayor Kirk Caldwell’s proposal to allow singing and/or playing of wind instruments at indoor and outdoor restaurants/bars, with some restrictions.

In order to balance the childcare needs of our island community with the safety guidelines established due to COVID-19, there will be significant changes to the number of keiki that our facilities and staff can accommodate, the activities offered, and overall program procedures:

THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 2020 9:43 AM

Over 34,000 households are expected to receive help from the plan’s $100 million funded rental and housing assistance subsidies. The State’s most financially vulnerable households will receive rental assistance in the form of a $500 monthly subsidy or 50% of rent, whichever is lesser, for up to five months from August 1 to December 31.

WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 2020 4:54 PM

The public is reminded that the parking lot at the Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be closed to the public until 3 p.m. to allow for breakdown of testing tents and clearing of cones and barriers. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Crestview Community Park

Wai‘anae District Park

Kaiser Permanente

Waialua District Park

Criminal liability for hosts of guests who violate quarantine requirements or owners of cars that are rented to quarantine violators.

The emergency proclamation lifts the quarantine requirement for inter-island travelers effective 12:01 a.m. on June 16, 2020. However, it also leaves in place the quarantine requirement for out-of-state travelers. The governor has the authority to make exemptions for transit corridors/bubbles.

with modifications

The State Capitol building will remain closed to the public at least through June 30, 2020. Entry into the building will continue to be limited through the main double glass doors on the basement level from 7:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., and the National Guard will continue temperature screening everyone entering the building. Entry will be limited to employees and authorized guests. For more details, please read the memo dated May 22, 2020, from the Comptroller: Revised - Capitol Security Access Procedures

If you require special assistance, please call 586-6800 or email your request to

The Hawai‘i State Senate Committee on Ways and Means today deferred pay raises for legislators and state officials this year that had been recommended by the Salary Commission prior to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Social Distancing Requirements (as defined in the Order) are adhered to at all times.

Mānana Community Park

1. Patrons go to HSPLS Library Catalog and place a hold on any item(s) they want to borrow, or they may call their favorite library branch to place a hold with our staff.

Participants assume the risk that food supplies may run out before they can be served.

Mr. Alan Oshima, Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery and

This year registration will be conducted primarily online thanks to new software developed by the Honolulu Department of Information Technology. The software is called Parks and Recreation Online System, or PROS, and works best using the Google Chrome web browser.

District 3 (Pearlridge to Waiʻanae to Wahiawā) - ph. (808) 768-6889

Online Registration begins Saturday, June 20 at 9 a.m.

All in-office transactions will be served on an appointment-only basis. Masks or face coverings are required during in-office visits.

12:00 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov.

Moanalua Community Park

Ms. Susan Ballard, Chief of Police

Members of the Hawaii Executive Collaborative will present on a tourism recovery plan to create a task force to establish a travel bubble corridor. The corridor is for travel by two regions, both of which contained the virus, and who agree to a quarantine-free travel zone.

The state Department of Transportation will require thermal screening at the airport for everyone traveling inter-island. HDOT will also require travelers to fill out a new form that will now also ask for health-related information to assist the state in tracking and responding to new COVID-19 cases.

. Service providers that do not require human interaction between the service provider and the customer, including for example, fully automated car washes;

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 2021 9:08 AM

Ms. Clare Connors, Attorney General

CVS/Longs Drugs

FRIDAY, MAY 29, 2020 12:34 PM

MONDAY, MAY 18, 2020 10:20 AM

FRIDAY, APRIL 16, 2021 12:00 PM

To check on the status of your claim 24/7, click on “Check Your Claim Status.”

This software utilizes the same HNL.Info log-in that many O‘ahu residents already possess. We encourage the public to create an HNL.Info account and a PROS profile ahead of registration by visiting: https://pros.hnl.info.

The amended bill notes that in expectation of an economic downturn due to COVID-19, “the State Council on Revenues lowered its fiscal year 2021 forecast from four per cent to zero per cent, meaning that the State will have about $225,000,000 less in revenues than expected.”

Goal #13 - Climate action

3:30 p.m. Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

Test participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Although buildings remain closed to the public for now, the

Goal #9 - Industry Innovation and Infrastructure

The plan sets aside $230 million to support unemployed residents until the end of the year. “These critical funds will provide a new state unemployment insurance weekly benefit that replaces the weekly federal plus-up payments set to expire July 31,” explained Senator Dela Cruz, Chair of the Senate Ways and Means Committee. “Beginning August 1, an estimated 117,000 unemployed individuals will receive the State’s enhanced weekly unemployment benefit of $100.”

The extension of the eviction moratorium through July 31.

THURSDAY, MAY 7, 2020 9:53 AM

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 2021 12:00 PM

THURSDAY, MARCH 25, 2021 4:00 PM

FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 2020 9:54 AM

PRESCHOOL OPEN DOORS PROGRAM ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS

Tattoo artists

Mānoa Valley District Park

District 2

Food Service Program:

People’s Open Markets

Please note that there may be committee members or invited speakers participating remotely via video or teleconference.

4. Anyone with unexplained respiratory illness since January 2020 who were never tested for COVID-19

Whitmore Community Park

The Hawaii State Legislature will reconvene next Monday, May 11th. This reconvened session is expected to be about 6-10 days to address state budget issues and for the Senate to take up confirmation hearings for various state boards and commissions. The Ways and Means and Finance Committees will need to consider an estimated $1 billion in budget cuts from the $8 billion general fund budget, while minimizing cuts to social services or pay cuts or furloughs. All meetings and hearings will be broadcast live on Olelo; however, the public will not be able to attend, and written testimony will be excepted via submission.

Antibody Testing will be through actual blood draw. Licensed practitioners will be on site to conduct this test, and the samples are sent to local labs for analysis and reporting. The testing will be free if covered by the patient’s insurance, but a charge of $40 will be made to each patient without insurance by local labs who will bill the patients. Those only taking part in the Antibody Testing will not need to self-quarantine. The following categories of individuals are encouraged to be tested by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi:

The bill defers all salary increases slated for this fiscal year for members of the legislature, the governor, lieutenant governor, justices and judges of all state courts, administrative director of the State or an equivalent position, and department heads or executive officers and the deputies or assistants to the department heads or executive officers of the departments.

Kauluwela Community Park

Mr. Ross Higashi, Deputy Director

Gov. Ige signed a 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation that authorizes the first group of businesses to re-open since the COVID-19 pandemic forced the temporary closure of non-essential businesses across the state on Mar. 25.

TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 2020 1:26 PM

2. Healthcare Workers and First Responders

The Hawai‘i State Senate is scheduled to resume its 2020 session June 22 to July 10. Committees will be considering a limited number of critical bills that were put on hold when the Senate was forced to recess in mid-March due to COVID-19. The Senate will also be allocating additional federal funding from the CARES Act.

Kahala Community Park

Testing for regular PCR (nose swab) will be conducted as it has been done previously. If one desires this testing, the attending doctor will determine who should be tested. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 2021 4:00 PM

The Legislature is currently in recess, pursuant to S.C.R. No. 244.

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 2021 10:00 AM

Ms. Jade Fountain-Tanigawa, County Clerk

Food will be placed directly into the vehicle at each food distribution station.

Gov. David Ige signed a ninth supplementary emergency proclamation that extends the COVID-19 emergency period through July 31.

Letter to Mayor Caldwell

The City and County of Honolulu COVID-19 information call center remains open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on holidays. O‘ahu residents are encouraged to visit the website, oneoahu.org to get answers to frequently asked questions about Mayor Caldwell’s “Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order”. If they do not find an answer to their questions on the site, residents can call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov.

Driver’s licensing and Satellite City Halls: All six of the driver licensing centers in the City and County of Honolulu are open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. The online appointment system for appoints for driver licenses and state identification services can be accessed at alohaq.org. The system has been revised to serve the greatest needs first. For assistance with making an appointment, call: (808) 768-4177. Masks or face coverings are required during all in-office visits. For more information, visit honolulu.gov.csd. The Kapahulu Vehicle Reconstruction Inspection Station in the City and County of Honolulu is open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. For assistance, call: (808) 768-4325.

The annual Hawaii State Judiciary juror questionnaires will soon be mailed to individuals who have a Hawaii state driver’s license or are registered to vote in Hawaii. Beginning August 3, approximately 235,000 juror questionnaires will be mailed to 85,000 residents on Oahu, 55,000 in Maui County, 70,000 on Hawaii Island, and 25,000 on Kauai. They are used to help select potential jurors who may be eligible to serve in 2021. Individuals are selected at random. Anyone receiving a questionnaire has 10 days to complete and return it to the Jury Pool Office in the envelope provided. Those who fail to respond may be penalized. To be eligible to serve as a juror, you must be at least 18 years old, a citizen of the United States, a resident of Hawaii, and able to read and understand English. The Hawaii State Department of Health is in varying stages of reviewing and approving the circuit courts’ health-and-safety plans to resume jury selection and jury trials. The plan includes touchless temperature scans and CDC-recommended screening questions before entering a courthouse; required face coverings; enforced social distancing measures; and increased cleaning and disinfecting of our facilities.

TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 2020 7:07 PM

Hawaii Pacific University - M

The committee asked that he consider the public’s safety and issue a directive to judges to require bail prior to release and conditions such as ankle bracelets for quarantine violators.

3. Front line tourism industry workers with direct exposure to visitors

Mr. Jade Butay, Director

Neighborhood Board Commission: Neighborhood boards will resume public meetings beginning June 1. Physical distancing requirements are followed. For meeting information, please contact the NCO at 768-3710, email nco@honolulu.gov, or visit the office’s website at honolulu.gov/nco.

Under the CARES Act, Hawai'i has been given a total of $862,823,978 to support the State and smaller Counties. A separate allocation of $387,176,021 was provided to the City & County of Honolulu. The Senate has proposed allocating the funds in a responsible, prudent and conservative expenditure approach to meet both statewide and county needs. Below are some highlights. $175 million to support the various counties;

To report a possible self-quarantine violation, contact your county police department at 911. The police have access to all data pertaining to airport arrivals.

City and County of Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell announced a new emergency aid program for Oahu residents. Individuals under financial hardship will be eligible for up to $1,000 for basic needs such as rent and utilities, and up to an additional $500 for basic childcare. The program will begin on May 18.

1. Previous COVID-19 positive individuals and their families and close contacts

Leaders of the Hawaii State Teachers Association, Hawaii Government Employees Association, and United Public Workers agreed with a revised Hawaiʻi State Department of Education recommendation to the school board that will adjust the 2020–21 school year calendar, and start students later - from the original August 4 date to August 17. The deal will need the approval of the Hawaiʻi Board Of Education, which will hold a special meeting this Thursday, July 30, at 1 p.m. Ten-month DOE employees will still report to work as planned on Wednesday, July 29. According to HSTA, the agreement would give educators nine (9) additional days of training and preparation time on top of the regularly scheduled two (2) administration days and two (2) teacher preparation days between July 29 and Aug. 3. The extra time “would allow for training, planning, and preparation for the safe return of students to classrooms.” News of the agreement was shared by the unions to its membership, and a statement from Superintendent Dr. Christina Kishimoto was also posted to the DOE website. “HIDOE leadership has been working with the unions throughout the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure our students get the education they deserve and our employees have a safe work environment,” Dr. Kishimoto said. “We have continued these conversations and reached a conditional agreement today to propose a delayed start for students to accommodate concerns regarding employee training.” “Throughout our discussions, we were mindful that any adjustments to the calendar must focus on educating and supporting students,” Kishimoto said. “We also acknowledge the voice of our families, partners and employees who are not represented by the unions yet are impacted by this decision.” “We will use this time to prepare at yet another level, but I recognize this comes at a cost for public school parents and our students,” the Superintendent concluded. “My expectation is that if the Board approves the two week delay, that our labor partners will do an aggressive push to their members to be at schoolhouse doors on day one for our students.”

Mr. Glen Takahashi, City Clerk

Goal #3 - Good health and well-being

MONDAY, MAY 4, 2020 3:20 PM

Mayor Caldwell’s proposal includes the Friday, May 29

Testimony will be provided by Hawaii Executive Collaborative members Paul Yonamine, Duane Kurisu, and Lori Teranishi. Please note that there may be committee members or invited speakers participating remotely via video or teleconference.

Pools

MONDAY, MAY 4, 2020 10:22 AM

Waipahū District Park

THURSDAY, MAY 21, 2020 10:08 AM

Kalama Beach Park

Test participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them.

The 2020 Summer Fun Program will not require any fees or payment on the part of the participating families. In the past, Summer Fun registration was done in-person as a result of these prior payments. This resulted in eager parents waiting for hours, sometimes days, at various park locations to secure a spot for their keiki.

District 2 (Makiki to ʻAiea) - ph. (808) 768-9292

Play areas

Testing is being done from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. today, April 22 at The Church of Jesus Christ of the Latter-Day Saints in Wahiaw

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22, 2020 11:55 AM

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 2021 9:39 AM

Nail technicians

No public testimony will be accepted.

Resiliency Navigator

O‘ahu residents with a hardship or special need outside these parameters can call (808) 768-4177 for assistance.

:

The latest proclamation also allows residents to leave their homes to patronize certain businesses and activities under the new “Safer-at-Home” order.

Previous COVID-19 positive individuals and their families and close contacts

Hawaii Pacific Health

3:00 p.m. Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery & Resiliency Plan

TUESDAY, JUNE 23, 2020 10:44 AM

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 2020 10:19 AM

$40 million for AG enforcement, PPE, payroll, and other department requests;

$1 million for the PUA program (UI for independent contractors & GIG workers);

District 1

Agenda for today's meeting found below. Watch it live on Olelo 49.

The 2020 SFSP is sponsored by the United States Department of Agriculture, and will provide lunch to Summer Fun participants 18 years and younger. SFSP will begin on July 6 and run through July 17 at select, qualified Summer Fun sites. Those participating will be listed on DPR’s website: http://bit.ly/SummerFunOahu

Mililani District Park

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 2021 6:00 PM

Fern Community Park

Wailupe Community Park

Mr. Michael Kamida, Technical Lead and Liaison

The public is reminded that parking lots at the two sites will be closed to the public until 2 p.m. to allow for breakdown of testing tents and clearing of cones and barriers. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Mr. Sean Williams, Vice President

FRIDAY, MAY 8, 2020 12:36 PM

TUESDAY, MARCH 2, 2021 11:00 AM

Antibody testing determines whether a patient had COVID-19 and now has antibodies against the virus; it is not used to determine whether someone currently has the disease. The test also does not tell you whether or not you may be susceptible to getting COVID again. Patients should discuss results with their healthcare provider to understand what the results mean for them.

TUESDAY, MARCH 16, 2021 11:00 AM

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 2020 8:45 PM

Mr. Rodrigo Romo, Program Director

The 10-foot distance requirement does not apply to members of the same performing group.

Reconstructed vehicle inspection is another in-office visit that will be served strictly on an appointment-only basis.

COVID-19 testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex and Kakaʻako Waterfront Park will be available this weekend. Drive-thru testing for COVID-19 will be offered at both locations, but a new Antibody Testing will be offered as well.

Mr. Robert Kurisu, Co-Founder

Hawaii Technology Development Corporation

2:30 p.m.

SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 2021 8:28 PM

Mr. Scott Nago, Chief Election Officer

The state Department of Labor and Industrial Relations is kicking off an alphabetical system to ease the burden on the antiquated technology that has crashed multiple times over the past few weeks.

THURSDAY, MARCH 18, 2021 10:00 AM

Mr. Jon Henricks, County Clerk

The COVID-19 Hardship Relief program will provide funding support to Oahu residents with amounts up to $1,000 per month for qualified household expenses, and up to $500 per month for qualified childcare expenses to aid in lessening economic hardships caused by the pandemic. Each household may receive continued benefits as hardship continues, up to 6 months.

MONDAY, APRIL 5, 2021 9:00 AM

Entertainment areas

The partnering pharmacies throughout the state include: ElixRx Pharmacy, 5 Minute Pharmacy, Foodland Pharmacy, KTA Pharmacy, Pharmacare Hawaii, The Queen’s Medical Center Pharmacy, and Times Pharmacy. As of Friday, the DOH has administered more than 56,000 vaccines and has received 152,650 doses from Moderna and Pfizer-BioNTech combined.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick-up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also stream live online at

TUESDAY, MAY 19, 2020 9:22 AM

The Hawaii State Department of Education (HIDOE) Grab-and-Go school meals program will be extended at select meal sites for an extra four days beyond the end of the school year on May 28 and transition to the summer meal program which runs through July 17. Certain schools will provide meals to children 18 years or younger, free of charge, regardless of eligibility for free or reduced price meals.

The special committee will convene to discuss the impact of COVID-19 on the upcoming elections. Specific topics include the number of Voter Service Centers, available drop boxes, and the steps being taken to ensure the health and safety of voters.

Kamilo Iki Community Park

Agriculture (non-food), such as landscape, ornamental plant growers, and nurseries

Swanzy Beach Park

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 2021 10:00 AM

Queen’s Health Systems

For those who do not have computer or internet access, accommodations are available to facilitate their registration into the program. Please call the Summer Fun site for those accommodations. A list of the 65 program sites is included at the bottom of this announcement for your convenience.

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency -

4:15 p.m. Department of Taxation

More COVID-19 testing will be available at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex and Kakaʻako Waterfront Park this weekend. Drive-thru testing for COVID-19 will be offered at both locations, but a new Antibody Testing will be offered as well.

For each location, follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. This is part of an effort to do focused testing in communities across Oʻahu. Results of the testing will be used to identify COVID-19 “Hot Spots” to help in their containment.

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 2021 9:35 AM

To help lessen demand for appointments, 50,000 letters were sent to O‘ahu residents who qualify to renew their driver licenses or state identification cards either online or by mail. In addition, the federal government announced in April that the start date for REAL ID enforcement has been extended by 12 months to Oct. 1, 2021.

FRIDAY, JUNE 5, 2020 1:33 PM

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be streamed live online at

THURSDAY, APRIL 22, 2021 9:00 AM

Mr. Scott Glenn, Chief Energy Officer

Booth District Park

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 2020 8:48 PM

The letter to the Chief Justice states the concern “that the quarantine orders are being flouted once travelers leave the airport” and that when violators “appear before a judge, often the violators are released on their own recognizance without any measures to ensure no further violations happen.”

is a convenient and safe way to access library books and materials.

Kalihi Valley District Park

Pearl City District Park

“Disturbingly, we have also received reports that the City and County of Honolulu have avoided addressing these public concerns of non-compliance with regularity,” the letter says, and requests that the administration make enforcement of the quarantine “a priority by investigating and arresting people who violate them in our community, including returning residents and vacation rentals…”

Mr. Brandon Kurisu, Coalition Representative

McCully District Park

The Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order allows residents of the City and County of Honolulu to shop at retail businesses and shopping malls that comply with specific operations guidelines that includes allowing all persons in these establishments to maintain physical/social distancing and health and safety standards.

Kahuku Community Park

The committee will be meeting with the following:

WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 2020 10:39 AM

Appointments for in-office visits to satellite city halls will be available starting June 29. To make an online appointment, visit

Dr. Lynn Babington, President

Click here to read more from Civil Beat.

For information on the testing with Transformation Health Network, call 854-3566.

The public is encouraged to participate by submitting written testimony. No in-person testimony will be allowed at this time due to COVID-19. To submit testimony, please visit:

These businesses/operations are required to follow the social distancing requirements in the 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation. They also are encouraged to follow the applicable guidelines recommended by the Centers for Disease Control. Generally, this means they must implement physical distancing requirements such as capacity limits and ensuring 6 feet or more between individuals using floor markings and signage; limit in-person work when possible; reduce the number of high-touch surfaces and objects as much as possible; reconfigure workplace to enable physical distancing if possible; communicate health and safety protocols to all employees, customers and visitors.

Pu‘unui Community Park

There will be no discrimination in the course of the meal service, as they will be served regardless of race, color, creed, national origin, sex, or disability.

Makiki District Park

Certain real estate services. All real property sales and management activities must be accomplished by remote/electronic means whenever possible. Restrictions and permitted real estate services are outlined in Emergency Order No. 2020-09;

Hālawa District Park

Auto Dealerships

Goal #7 - Affordable and clean energy

MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 2021 9:52 AM

For more information, please visit their website at librarieshawaii.org

The Hawai‘i State Senate’s 2020 session was originally scheduled to take place from January 15 to May 7, but the Senate was forced to recess in mid-March due to the COVID-19 emergency. The Senate held a two week reconvene on May 11 to pass time-sensitive budget bills and nominations from the governor.

Waimānalo Beach Park

Mayor Caldwell’s proposal is included in the second amendment to the City and County of Honolulu’s Emergency Order No. 2020-16, posted online at www.honolulu.gov

to read the full press release.

THURSDAY, APRIL 23, 2020 12:44 PM

Dr. Sarah Park, State Epidemiologist

Keiki participants will be within the same group for the entire program.

DPR is still hiring for those interested in working as Summer Fun Aides. Please click here if you are interested in fun, seasonal work opportunity, or call the District Office of the location where you would like to work (listed below)

Childcare services, licensed or authorized under the law

For more information, visit

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 2021 12:00 PM

THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2020 10:20 AM

June 19: Indoor operations such as:

Performers who sing or play wind instruments must keep a distance of at least 10 feet from other people.

Kāne‘ohe Community Park

Longs Drugs pharmacies begin offering COVID-19 vaccinations daily

Occupancy is limited at all times to no more than one (1) person per 200 square feet of the gross operation area (which equates to approximately 50 percent of the maximum occupancy load).

VACCINE APPOINTMENT AND SITE INFORMATION:

The Honolulu Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) is excited to announce a modified version of Summer Fun will be held this year. The program will be offered at no charge to O‘ahu families with Mayor Caldwell waiving the fees for the summer day camp.

Kalaniana‘ole Beach Park

FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 2020 9:46 AM

Out-of-state travelers arriving in Hawai‘i must get a PCR test prior to arrival from any testing location approved by the Hawai‘i State Department of Health. Evidence of a negative test result must be provided upon arrival in Hawai‘i. Without this, passengers arriving from out-of-state will be subject to the 14-day quarantine.

TUESDAY, MARCH 9, 2021 11:00 AM

District 4 (Waialua to Waimānalo) - ph. (808) 768-8980

Vaccinations are by appointment only

Beretania Community Park

Gov. Ige announced all travelers arriving in Hawai‘i from out-of-state will be required to get a valid COVID-19 test prior to their arrival, and to show proof of a negative test result, to avoid the 14-day quarantine. The pre-travel testing program begins Aug. 1.

WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 2020 11:25 AM

1:30 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29, 2020 2:14 PM

2:00 p.m. Department of Health -

Click

Participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information including insurance if available and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head here.

Enchanted Lake Community Park

THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 2021 12:30 PM

Salt Lake District Park

The elimination of prohibitions related to beaches, boating, hiking and shoreline fishing, as these activities are being addressed through the counties in coordination with the state Department of Land and Natural Resources.

Goal #11 - Sustainable cities and communities:

. The system will allow appointments only for those licenses expiring in June. (This includes licenses and state IDs with March expiration dates that were previously granted a 90-day extension under a state emergency order.) Later in the month, open appointment slots will be offered driver licenses and state IDs with July expiration dates. (This would include those with April expiration dates that were similarly extended by emergency order to July.)

If you are having difficulty filing your unemployment insurance 24/7, you may be clicking on the wrong link. Follow these steps to complete your filing and avoid error messages:

Food-court dining areas (except for delivery or carry out)

Bring the following items with you to the "Food For Hawai‘i's ‘Ohana" distribution: a pen, completed Household Information Form(s) and a valid government-issued ID for each household.

Staff or keiki will not be allowed to participate in the program if they are sick, have been in contact with someone diagnosed with COVID-19, or have traveled out-of-state within the past 14 days.

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 2020 10:21 AM

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 2021 9:31 AM

On Tuesday, May 12, Transformation Health Network will conduct testing in the parking lot at Kalihi Union Church, 2214 North King Street from 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Entry will be from the driveway on Umi Street. Walk-up individuals are welcome also.

for “personal service providers” including:

Qualified expenses will be paid directly to the vendor on behalf of the applicant.

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 2021 4:00 PM

Within shopping malls, the following must remain closed:

Travelers may be prohibited from boarding a flight if they have an elevated temperature above 100.4 degrees, they refuse to complete the mandatory form, or they are on the 14-day quarantine list prohibiting them from flying.

Hawaii Tourism Authority

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 2021 10:00 AM

$8 million to DLIR for IT Modernization, UI Program Enhancements, and facility and staff support;

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 16, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 17, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 2020 8:59 PM

Goal #4 - Quality education

Another $56 million will be used to bring back small businesses, support training and job programs connecting unemployed with local businesses in need of employees, and provide manufacturing grants to local companies that can create local supply chains for necessary cleaning supplies and personal protection equipment (PPE).

To view the guidelines, head here -

Grave site visits are also being added as an Essential Activity. All of the added reopening of certain businesses are with limitations. The restated Stay at Home Order incorporates prior orders, including but not limited to, ordering all individuals living within the City to stay at their place of residence except for Essential Activities, Governmental Functions, or to operate Essential Businesses, mandating employees and visitors of Essential Businesses to wear a non-medical grade face covering mandate, and the ban of all public and private gatherings of any number of people occurring outside a single household or living unit.

Dr. Edward Desmond, Administrator

MONDAY, JUNE 22, 2020 8:45 AM

The Health Department is still in the process of developing this program but anticipates requiring an FDA-approved PCR test from a CLIA certified laboratory. Travelers will be required to provide printed or emailed pre-test certification as evidence of a negative test result. Travelers will be responsible for the cost of the pre-travel test.

Since in-office visits were suspended nine weeks ago, more than 44,000 driver license and state ID appointments had to be canceled.

MONDAY, APRIL 19, 2021 8:00 AM

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, June 27, by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing will be from 8 a.m. – 2 p.m.

On weekends and holidays, that time is from 9 a.m. to 11 p.m.

TUESDAY, MARCH 30, 2021 9:49 AM

Observatories & Support Facilities

Due to the recent uptick in COVID-19 cases, drive-thru testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be available this weekend.

Department of Environmental Services: Regular curbside refuse, green waste, and recycling service is still being conducted. Convenience centers and transfer stations remain open. Please note, all in-person services are suspended. Visit opala.org for more information.

Changes to the amended Stay at Home Order add the limited reopening of certain designated businesses and operations such as:

Appointments can be made at

during the COVID-19 crisis. The departments have announced subsidy changes to its assistance program for families and providers and are encouraging more families to apply. Get more information about applying to Child Care Connection Hawai‘i online by clicking on this link - bit.ly/ApplyCCCH.

Mr. David Sikkink, Administrator

‘Ewa Beach Community Park

, starting Thursday, May 28. This includes:

The legislative branch will reopen beginning June 1, 2020. Each Senate office and support staff office will be expected to resume normal business hours on that date. For more details, please read the memo dated May 22, 2020, from the Senate President: Reopening of Legislative Branch - June 1, 2020

THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2020 10:24 AM

Goal #16 - Peace, justice, and strong institutions

SUPERINTENDENT SAYS SCHOOLS COULD REALISTICALLY REOPEN FULLY IN FALL 2021; SOME HIGH SCHOOLS CAN HOLD LIMITED IN-PERSON COMMENCEMENT CEREMONIES

The City and County of Honolulu will soon be launching the COVID-19 Hardship Relief Program to help those most economically impacted by shutdowns to prevent the spread of the coronavirus. Scheduled to launch on May 18, the relief fund can be used to assist with basic needs including as rent, eligible utilities, childcare, and other essential expenses.

Similar outdoor facilities

TUESDAY, MAY 26, 2020 12:05 PM

The Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order can be found here.

Staff and keiki will be provided hand sanitizer.

Lanakila District Park

In addition, travelers will be required to fill out the State Travel and Health form.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 2021 10:00 AM

with limitations

Water parks

. Businesses that provide services such as private tutoring, certain music instrument lessons, etc., on a one-on-one basis, that comply with social distancing requirements;

‘Āhuimanu Community Park

‪Starting 5 a.m. Saturday, City parks will be reopened to exercise only. Exercise includes running, walking, jogging and biking. However, no camping, using tennis courts, basketball courts, play equipment, off-leash dog parks, baseball, volleyball, etc.

Mr. Len Higashi, Acting Executive Director

Kilauea District Park

Game rooms

Mayor Kirk Caldwell announced that certain Oauhu businesses will be allowed to open with limitations. This Order is effective from 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, April 30 through 4:30 p.m. on May 18.

No testing will be provided upon arrival at the airport.

Designated spaces will be made for each group, with activities conducted on a rotating basis.

Appointments can be made on AlohaQ.org.

Department of Parks and Recreation: City parks, courts, fields and parking lots are open. City skate parks and off-leash dog parks will reopen on Friday, May 29. The Koko Head Shooting Complex, city archery ranges, People’s Open Markets, and pools (lap swim only) are scheduled to reopen on Friday, June 5. The five Honolulu Botanical Gardens are open for passive use. This means no camping, garden tours, or recreational programs will be offered at that time. Other park facilities remain closed to the public, such as: playgrounds, campgrounds, gyms, and recreation buildings. Please be advised that lifeguards are not stationed in their regular towers but are instead on roving patrols. Stand-alone comfort stations are open but they will be closed during cleaning, maintenance, and regular park closure hours. For more information, please visit honolulu.gov/parks.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 2021 9:00 PM

Ms. Kathy Sokugawa, Acting Director

Mr. Scott Murakami, Director

TUESDAY, MAY 26, 2020 8:26 AM

WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 2020 2:44 PM

THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 2021 9:00 AM

TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 2020 8:53 AM

Online Registration begins Thursday, June 18 at 6 p.m.

11:00 a.m. Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

Here’s how it works

‘Āina Haina Community Park

The Legislature’s proposed plan builds upon UHERO’s estimates that $618 million in spending will generate more than $1 billion in Gross Domestic Product over the coming year and help Hawaiʻi’s households and businesses by supporting up to 6,500 jobs. The plan provides discretion to the Ige Administration to spend the remaining CARES funds to pay for unanticipated and emerging needs. This discretionary amount could be used to bolster Hawaiʻi’s unemployment insurance funds or support COVID-19 related programs.

This software was successfully used for shooters to make reservations at the Koko Head Shooting Complex beginning on Wednesday, June 3, and will serve a larger capacity in DPR registration and reservations in the future.

Asing Community Park

Gov. Ige announced that the state will be lifting the 14-day quarantine requirement for inter-island travelers, effective June 16.

resumption of operations

The governor is expected to extend the 14-day quarantine for travelers through June 30. This comes as the governor announced that he intends to continue Hawaii’s safer-at-home order through June 30. The Hawaii Tourism Authority, Department of Transportation, and other state agencies are working with the airlines to toughen the entry restrictions, to include revising the visitor arrival form, requiring the flight crew to complete the form, seeking to confirm return flights, increasing the screening staff at airports, stiffening hotel quarantines, enforcing rules on car rentals, and confirming hotel or home stays, among others. The COVID-19 committee met with the Police Chief, representatives from the Courts, and the Prosecutor's Office to coordinate enforcement of the 14-day quarantine. There were general agreements for a maximum bail of $2,000 for quarantine violators. Arraignment would be done virtually within 48-72 hours. Police statistics for Emergency Proclamation violations from March 20 to May 14 included 9,313 warnings, 5,244 citations, and 292 arrests.

Makakilo Community Park

THURSDAY, MAY 28, 2020 8:57 AM

Museums

On May 14, the Senate was briefed on the State Administration’s proposal for $1.25 billion appropriated under the federal Coronavirus Aid Relief & Economic Security (CARES) Act. Senate Bill 75 SD2 HD1 passed out of the House Finance Committee and will now head to the full House for a vote next week. Concerns remain regarding how agencies will spend these funds, such as economic support to those most affected during this pandemic.

The six driver licensing centers on O‘ahu reopened May 26 for in-office visits also on an appointment-only basis.

The Executive Office on Early Learning is working closely with the Department of Human Services and other agencies and stakeholders to coordinate early childhood care

Attendance Limits:

Safety Protocols:

Other beauty operators

District 1 (Hawaiʻi Kai to McCully) - ph. (808) 768-8944

service is not available at the following libraries: Liliha, McCully, Pearl City and the Hawaii State Library. No book donations will be accepted at this time.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 2021 3:00 PM

Koko Head District Park

For more information on the testing run by Kalihi Kai Urgent Care, call (808) 841-2273.

THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2020 10:28 AM

Mā‘ili Community Park*

Ms. Kathy Kaohu, County Clerk

Retail & Repair Services, such as apparel, florists, watch & surfboard repair (Note: retail does not re-open in City & County of Honolulu until May 15, and retail & most repair will not re-open in Maui county.)

Office of Elections

The City’s “COVID-19 Guidance for Business” is followed to the greatest extent possible.

$14 million to the DOH for contact tracing/testing, vaccination and contract tracing staff, investigation and infection control, PPE and supplies;

FRIDAY, MAY 22, 2020 2:00 PM

No public testimony will be accepted.If you require special assistance, please call 586-6800 or email your request to waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 2021 9:16 AM

WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 2020 11:16 AM

Kailua District Park

FRIDAY, MAY 8, 2020 12:28 PM

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 2021 11:55 AM

Waimānalo District Park

University of Hawaii – School of Nursing and Dental Hygiene -

appointment time to pick up their item(s).

Dr. Eugene Tian, Chief State Economist

Paki Community Park

THURSDAY, MAY 7, 2020 10:06 AM

Ms. Rona Suzuki, Director

Pet Grooming Services

Public Transportation - TheBus and TheHandi-Van: These services are operating with increased sanitary precautions for passenger and driver safety and health. Visit thebus.org or call 848-5555 for up-to-date schedules and information. The TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is open for in-person assessments for those extending or applying for eligibility. Distancing practices must be followed. TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is located at the First Insurance Center, 1100 Ward Avenue, Suite 835. For questions or to schedule an assessment, call (808) 538-0033, Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

– sales and leasing activities (with restrictions);

Every1ne Hawaii -

WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 2020 4:50 PM

WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 2020 12:06 PM

Movie theatres

The Household Information Form can be downloaded below: A separate form must be filled out for each household represented in the vehicle.

To allow access to the proceedings, the Senate will be providing live streams of all Senate hearings and floor sessions in real time, on YouTube and/or ‘Ōlelo and neighbor island cable networks, with live closed captioning. A list of upcoming and archived Senate hearings is available here: http://olelo.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=13

MONDAY, MARCH 22, 2021 10:00 AM

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 23, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 24, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

On Friday, April 24, Kalihi Kai Urgent Care will be conducting testing at ʻEwa Mahiko District Park in ʻEwa Beach. Testing at 91-1205 Renton Road will run from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.

Ms. Georja Skinner, Chief Officer

The amended bill states (HB117), “Due to the unprecedented economic downturn resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the legislature believes that continued implementation of the commission's recommendations for the executive and judicial branches, and planned adjustments for the legislature, is irresponsible at this time and should be deferred.”

Children must be six years old before Aug. 1, 2020 and not older than thirteen years old by July 28, 2020 to qualify. The modified Summer Fun will still utilize Junior Leaders.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on Olelo channel 49 on Oahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels.

THURSDAY, MAY 14, 2020 3:34 PM

Food will be distributed for approximately 4,000 households or WHILE SUPPLIES LAST.

12:00 p.m. Department of Health, State Laboratories

Building Permit Applications: Available by appointment only. Self-service permits are available online at honolulu.gov/dpp.

Please note that these operations may have altered hours. Please visit their websites before going to the location for services.

$637 million to be deposited into the state's rainy day fund to be allocated in subsequent sessions.

MONDAY, MAY 18, 2020 10:09 AM

Waikele Community Park

Click here to read more from KITV4 news.

Only Ala Moana Satellite City Hall will temporarily remain closed to in-office visits as it prepares to relocate within the shopping center.

Board of Water Supply: Water service remains operational and the water is safe to drink. Testing is conducted daily. BWS account services are available online at boardofwatersupply.com, by mail, or by phone. In-person services are suspended.

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 2020 10:10 AM

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29, 2020 4:02 PM

Mr. Chris Tatum, CEO

SafePaths -

For patrons who placed their holds during the closure, their item(s) are ready for pick up after the patron schedules a

AN ADULT FROM EACH HOUSEHOLD MUST BE PRESENT WITH A VALID GOVERNMENT-ISSUED ID.

Feeding Hawaii Together, a non-profit organization,is currently providing food to the public. The organization is located at 2522 Rose Street. Visit thepantry.org to register for food remotely, visually see the food available, place an order, then receive a day/time for pick-up. This allows to continue to provide urgently needed food, while conforming to all of the COVID-19 safety requirements.They distribute food 3 days per week.

2. After receiving a notice that their item(s) are ready for pick up, patrons can schedule a Library Take Out time at picktime.com/hspls.

THURSDAY, MAY 21, 2020 9:33 AM

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 7, 2021 11:00 AM

Safety Protocols

Arcades

Kanewai Community Park

1:00 p.m.

TO FILE A CLAIM OR CHECK YOUR STATUS

The proclamation also includes:

Maintenance staff will clean bathroom facilities twice daily.

Before attending a distribution, please make sure your vehicle's back seat, trunk, hatchback and/or tailgate are emptied and prepared to receive food.

The number of new COVID-19 cases is expected to rise once travel is re-opened. However, the State Department of Health has begun the process of training 500 new contact tracers, exceeding the recommended standards set by the Centers for Disease Control, and is exploring other screening and testing procedures.

Mr. Greg Barbour, Executive Director

Registration:

Kapaolono Community Park

The distribution organizers reserve the right to refuse service to individuals who do not comply with the rules established for this food distribution.

The proposal also allows the following to resume operations with modifications:

Shopping Malls – limited to retail and repair services (Note: shopping malls are not reopening in Maui county.)

Gov. David Ige approved Mayor Kirk Caldwell’s proposal to safely re-open more businesses and operations on O‘ahu, under guidelines that will ensure the safety of employees and customers.

THURSDAY, APRIL 23, 2020 3:55 PM

A public-private partnership — that includes the City and County of Honolulu, Aloha United Way, the Council for Native Hawaiian Advancement, Helping Hands Hawaii, and other service providers — will work directly with individuals and families dealing with economic hardship to administer these resources and ensure Oahu residents have the support they need.

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 2021 8:03 PM

Public Access:

District 4

Waiau District Park

The governor noted that the next step in re-opening air travel will be restoring out-of-state travel to the islands in a safe manner. He has been working on plans to do this said he would announce them soon.

Under Phase 1 of the state’s re-opening, the following businesses and operations can re-open starting May 7, 2020 at 12:01 a.m. However, everyone is advised to check the restrictions in place in each county, as they may differ.

Starting next week, those whose last name starts with the letters A through G should file on Mondays.

Fitness centers

DOH TO PARTNER WITH PHARMACIES STATEWIDE TO PROVIDE COVID-19 VACCINE

Goal #10 - Reduced inequalities:

Kaimuki Community Park

Summer Fun Sites 2020:

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 2021 9:38 AM

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. The meeting will also be livestreaming on

Veterans Affairs

THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 2021 9:07 AM

Pililā‘au Community Park

12:45p.m. Department of the Attorney General -

Goal #17 - Partnership for the goals

No pubic testimony will be accepted.

.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 2021 9:48 AM

THURSDAY, MAY 14, 2020 11:48 AM

1:15 p.m. Department of Health

Wilson Community Park

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 2021 12:00 PM

FRIDAY, MARCH 5, 2021 9:00 AM

The times to file are Monday through Friday from 6:30 a.m. to 11 p.m.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be livestreamed via http://olelo.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=13.

The Hawaii State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 will hold a hearing today at noon live on ‘Olelo 49.


=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.donnamercadokim.com/news/#all-residents-16-are-becoming-eligible-april-19=====

 <tag> h2




OAHU MOVES TO TIER 3 OF REOPENING STRATEGY

VACCINE APPOINTMENT AND SITE INFORMATION:

COVID-19 VACCINATION AVAILABILITY

Before attending a distribution, please make sure your vehicle's back seat, trunk, hatchback and/or tailgate are emptied and prepared to receive food.

Food will be distributed for approximately 4,000 households or WHILE SUPPLIES LAST.

Bring the following items with you to the "Food For Hawai‘i's ‘Ohana" distribution: a pen, completed Household Information Form(s) and a valid government-issued ID for each household.

 <tag> h3


SENATE COVID-19 TO MEET TOMORROW

QUARANTINE LIFTED FOR INTER-ISLAND TRAVEL STARTING JUNE 16

SATELLITE CITY HALLS TO REOPEN JULY 1

Kaiser Permanente

AIRPORTS AND HEALTH DEPARTMENTS AMONG OTHERS TO MEET WITH SENATE COMMITTEE TOMORROW

SENATE SPECIAL COMMITTEE CONVENES APRIL 28

COVID-19 Variants and the Vaccine: What You Should Know

All Residents 16+ Are Becoming Eligible April 19

HAWAII STATE SENATE ANNOUNCES OPERATIONAL CHANGES AHEAD OF 2021 LEGISLATIVE SESSION

SENATE COVID-19 MEETS TODAY TO DISCUSS ELECTIONS

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH RED HILL CONTESTED CASE HEARING

PUBLIC LIBRARY LAUNCHES TAKE OUT SYSTEM

OAHU DRIVER LICENSING & STATE ID SERVICES RESTART BY APPOINTMENT ONLY

HAWAII DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH PREPARES FOR SECOND PRIORITY POPULATION GROUP TO BEGIN RECEIVING COVID-19 VACCINE

State expands eligibility to more Phase 1c essential workers on Monday

SENATORS DEFER PAY RAISES RECOMMENDED BY SALARY COMMISSION

COVID-19 Vaccine Update

GET UPDATES

GOVERNOR APPROVES MORE BUSINESSES TO OPEN

AlohaSafe Alert: Add your phone to fight against COVID-19

Hawaii State Legislature Website

2021 Session

FREE FOOD FOR THE COMMUNITY

Who is eligible to get the vaccine and how do I sign-up?

HAWAII HEALTHCARE WORKERS BEGIN RECEIVING 2ND DOSE OF COVID-19 VACCINE

SUMMER FOOD SERVICE STUDENT MEALS

DLIR IMPLEMENTS FILING CERTIFICATION DAYS BASED ON LAST NAME

OAHU BEACHES CLEARED TO OPEN

QUARANTINE EXTENDED FOR OUT-OF-STATE TRAVELERS TILL JULY 31

PRESCHOOL OPEN DOORS PROGRAM ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS

Beware of COVID-19 vaccine scams!

STATE TO LAUNCH COVID-19 PRE-TRAVEL TESTING PROGRAM FOR OUT-OF-STATE TRAVELERS AUGUST 1

FOOD DISTRIBUTION AT ALOHA STADIUM TOMORROW, MAY 22

5 Things Hawaii residents need to know about COVID-19 variants

COVID-19 COMMITTEE SENDS CONCERNS TO CHIEF JUSTICE AND MAYOR

GOVERNOR EXTENDS STAY-AT-HOME ORDER TILL MAY 31

CITY PARKS TO REOPEN THIS SATURDAY WITH LIMITED ACTIVITY

OAHU SHOPPING AND RETAIL STORES CAN OPEN MAY 15

Vaccination Eligibility for Individuals 70+

COVID-19 Vaccination Availability

New resource! Booklet helps you and your loved ones develop a COVID-19 care plan

FREE TESTING TOMORROW, MAY 12

OAHU DRIVER LICENSING, STATE ID SERVICES RESTART BY APPOINTMENT ONLY

Longs Drugs pharmacies begin offering COVID-19 vaccinations daily

VEHICLE SAFETY CHECKS FOR REGISTRATION TEMPORARILY HALTED

Why Get Vaccinated?

SENATE COVID-19 COMMITTEE MEETS TODAY

STATE SENATE RECONVENES FOR THREE WEEK SESSION

New Service Simplifies COVID-19 Vaccination Registration Process For Kupuna

More People Are Eligible To Get Vaccinated In Hawaii

LEGISLATURE TO REOPEN JUNE 1; CAPITOL REMAINS CLOSED TO THE PUBLIC

THOUSANDS IN HAWAIʻI EXPECTED TO BENEFIT FROM EMERGENCY FOOD STAMPS, PANDEMIC SCHOOL MEAL PROGRAM

JUROR QUESTIONNAIRES BEING MAILED AUG 3

SENATE SPECIAL COMMITTEE CONVENES TOMORROW

Are You Fully Vaccinated?

SENATE REVIEWS LEGISLATIVE BUDGET

COVID-19 EMERGENCY AID PROGRAM FOR OAHU RESIDENTS

LEGISLATURE RECONVENING MAY 11

NEW TESTING SITES AVAILABLE

COVID-19 Vaccine Call Center For General Public & Health Providers

2021 SENATE LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM PRIORITIZES TEN UNITED NATIONS SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS

NEWS

Who is eligible to get the vaccine right now?

FREE COVID-19 AND ANTIBODY TESTING THIS WEEKEND

QUARANTINE AND SAFER-AT-HOME ORDER EXTENDED THROUGH JUNE 30

SINGERS, MUSICIANS ALLOWED BACK IN RESTAURANTS AND BARS

THE ALOHASAFE ALERT APP

COVID-19 AND ANTIBODY TESTING THIS WEEKEND

Tracking Hawaiiʻs progress: How are we doing as a state?

2021 Legislative Session

Hawaii Pacific Health

FIRST ROUND OF BUSINESSES SET TO OPEN

Vaccinations Expand to Hawaii Residents 60+ on Monday

THEATERS, GYMS, AND BARS GIVEN THE GREEN LIGHT TO OPEN JUNE 19

Updates on COVID-19 Vaccine

Department of Health expands mental health assistance in response to the ongoing pandemic

DOH TO PARTNER WITH PHARMACIES STATEWIDE TO PROVIDE COVID-19 VACCINE

OAHU MOVES TO TIER 3 OF REOPENING STRATEGY

SENATE SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON COVID-19 HOLDS MEETING TOMORROW

FREE TESTING TOMORROW

SENATE COVID-19 COMMITTEE MEETS TODAY TO DISCUSS REOPENING THE ECONOMY

FREE COVID TESTING IN KALIHI MAY 5

FREE COVID-19 TESTING THIS WEEKEND

Queen's Health Systems

HECO EXTENDS MORATORIUM ON SERVICE DISCONNECTIONS THROUGH JUNE 30

FREE MENTAL HEALTH SERVICES

CITY TO REOPEN CERTAIN BUSINESSES ON MAY 1

APPLY FOR CHILD CARE SERVICES

CITY FACILITIES THAT ARE OPEN

Are you eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Hawaii?

UPDATE - FILING FOR UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE

COVID-19 HARDSHIP RELIEF PROGRAM

LEGISLATURE ANNOUNCE PLAN TO USE CARES FUNDS

PUBLIC SCHOOLS REOPENING PUSHED TO AUG 17

SUPERINTENDENT SAYS SCHOOLS COULD REALISTICALLY REOPEN FULLY IN FALL 2021; SOME HIGH SCHOOLS CAN HOLD LIMITED IN-PERSON COMMENCEMENT CEREMONIES

FREE MODIFIED SUMMER FUN

Got Questions About The COVID-19 Vaccines

FLORISTS CAN OPEN ON MAY 1

 <tag> strong




Automated service providers

Approach to Job Creation:

Department of the Attorney General

Kaiser Permanente

Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

Chaminade University -

County of Kaua'i

DO NOT

Oahu

The partnering pharmacies throughout the state include: ElixRx Pharmacy, 5 Minute Pharmacy, Foodland Pharmacy, KTA Pharmacy, Pharmacare Hawaii, The Queen’s Medical Center Pharmacy, and Times Pharmacy. As of Friday, the DOH has administered more than 56,000 vaccines and has received 152,650 doses from Moderna and Pfizer-BioNTech combined.

Honolulu Police Department

Hawaii Pacific University -

Pacific International Space Center for Exploration Systems

*ALL VACCINES ADMINISTERED ARE BY APPOINTMENT ONLY*

Queen’s Health Systems

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency -

District 1 (Hawaiʻi Kai to McCully) -

State expands eligibility to more Phase 1c essential workers on Monday

Phase 1c:

Research & Economic Analysis

View Vaccine Registration Directory

I EXPECTED TO BENEFIT FROM EMERGENCY FOOD STAMPS, PANDEMIC SCHOOL MEAL PROGRAM

AlohaSafe Alert works in a simple 5-step process: download, diagnose, verify, notify and quarantine.

Business Development & Support Division

AlohaSafe Alert: Add your phone to fight against COVID-19

CVS/Longs Drugs

The State Capitol building will remain closed to the public at least through June 30, 2020

Learn More About Kū Makani FREE Mental Health Resources

Hawaii Executive Collaborative

County of Hawai'i

Board of Water Supply:

Attendance Limits:

Safety Protocols:

Who is eligible to get the vaccine and how do I sign-up?

1)Are the variants here in Hawai‘i?

Building Permit Applications:

Department of Health -

How to Register for the Vaccine

PRESCHOOL OPEN DOORS PROGRAM ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS

Office of Elections

Department of Planning and Permitting

District 2

THOUSANDS IN HAWAI

If you are in this vaccination group, please follow these instructions:

Food Service Program:

University of Hawaii – School of Nursing and Dental Hygiene -

Aloha Trace -

Dr. Libby Char

Download and Share Home Care Booklet

Mandatory 14-day quarantine for travelers, eviction moratorium also continue

Neighbor Islands: Maui, Kauai & Hawaii

EXHIBIT G,

Who is next in line for vaccinations?

New resource! Booklet helps you and your loved ones develop a COVID-19 care plan

Every1ne Hawaii -

Location:

District 3

The legislative branch will reopen beginning June 1, 2020

AGENDA

effective June 16

Public and private golf courses

5. Should I wear two masks?

long-term care facility residents

Longs Drugs pharmacies begin offering COVID-19 vaccinations daily

If you are a senior age 75 or older, you are now eligible to register for the COVID-19 vaccine.

View List of Vaccination Providers

District 2 (Makiki to ʻAiea) -

Department of Environmental Services:

Plan to Make Your Vaccination Appointment

kp.org/register

Public Transportation - TheBus and TheHandi-Van:

District 4 (Waialua to Waimānalo) -

Kū Makani crisis counseling hours:

Hawaii State Energy Office

Certain real estate services.

Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery & Resiliency Plan

appointment only.

Natural Energy Laboratory of Hawaii Authority

New service simplifies COVID-19 vaccination registration process for kūpuna

New and used car and truck dealerships

Vaccinations expand to Hawai‘i residents 60+ on Monday

Learn More About Variant Detection in Hawai‘i

indoor

Department of Human Resources Development

Department of Health, State Laboratories

Hawaii Quarantine Kapu Breakers

Department of Health

Mobile service providers

CVS cannot administer vaccinations to walk-in customers without an appointment.

2. Should I be concerned about this new U.K. variant?

County of Maui

SafePaths -

Department of the Attorney General -

GDP History, Outlook, and Potential Sector Growth:

Learn more about the Kūpuna Call Center

Airlines for America

Services provided on a one-one-one bases

Department of Transportation

Department of Transportation – Airports Division

Phase 1-B

TO FILE A CLAIM OR CHECK YOUR STATUS

Creative Industries Division

View Vaccine FAQs

**

Hawaii Tourism Authority

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 16, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 17, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

Registration:

https://www.cvs.com/immunizations/covid-19-vaccine

Phase 2:

PLEASE NOTE:

Clinic Hours of Operation:

3. Will the COVID-19 vaccines protect me from the variants?

Who is eligible to get the vaccine right now?

View the Latest Data on COVID-19 Cases and Vaccinations

Kathleen Merriam

District 3 (Pearlridge to Waiʻanae to Wahiawā) -

frontline essential workers

Locations:

Caroline Cadirao

View Hawaii's Vaccine Timeline and Who's Next in Line

Tracking Hawaiiʻs progress: How are we doing as a state?

Foreign Trade Zone Division

View 5 Things You Can Do to Avoid Vaccine Scams

Hawaii Pacific Health

Department of Parks and Recreation:

District 4

City and County of Honolulu

Neighborhood Board Commission:

Phase 1a:

Phase 1b:

Driver’s licensing and Satellite City Halls:

Department of Health expands mental health assistance in response to the ongoing pandemic

DOH TO PARTNER WITH PHARMACIES STATEWIDE TO PROVIDE COVID-19 VACCINE

District 1

View Fast Facts About the COVID-19 Vaccine

Summer Fun Sites 2020:

Veterans Affairs

View Directory of Vaccination Providers

98-1005 Moanalua Rd #400 Aiea, HI 96701

health care workers

Hawaii Agriculture Foundation

Download the essential workers vaccination toolkit

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency

ages 65 to 74

Department of Taxation

over the age of 75

4. What is the state doing to stop the spread?

SUPERINTENDENT SAYS SCHOOLS COULD REALISTICALLY REOPEN FULLY IN FALL 2021; SOME HIGH SCHOOLS CAN HOLD LIMITED IN-PERSON COMMENCEMENT CEREMONIES

Phase 1-A

Clinic Hours of Operation

Hawaii Technology Development Corporation

 <tag> p




Ala Pu‘umalu Community Park

Due to the pandemic, the State Capitol building remains closed to the public at this time.

Sen. Schatz reports that an estimated 33,000 people in Hawai‘i will benefit from the allotment.

Hau‘ula Community Park

Please visit the Kū Makani website and social media for details about the program, services, upcoming events and island-specific resources: https://www.kumakani.org

In addition, social distancing requirements remain in place across the state through the end of May.

Mr. Alan Oshima, Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery and Resiliency Navigator

2:30 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

As we look forward to the freedom that lower numbers and more vaccinations promise, we must all show our spirit of kīnā‘ole. Doing the right thing, in the right way, in the right place, for the right reason, with the right feeling! This spirit of kīnā‘ole has contributed to Hawaii’s hopeful trends, so let’s continue to maintain safe physical distancing and wear our face masks, and not become complacent.

County of Kaua'i

Mr. Dennis Ling, Administrator

The Hawai‘i State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 sent letters to Hawai‘i Supreme Court Chief Justice Mark Recktenwald and Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell expressing concerns about the enforcement of the travel quarantine orders put into effect by Governor David Ige.

1)Are the variants here in Hawai‘i? Multiple variants that cause COVID-19 are circulating globally, and two variants have been detected in Hawai‘i. Specimens from four people in Hawai‘i contained a molecular “clue” associated with the U.K. variant. While scientists are working to learn more about how widely these new variants have spread, Hawai‘i residents and visitors should act as if the variants are already circulating in our state. 2. Should I be concerned about this new U.K. variant? “It’s cause for concern but not panic,” says Dr. Sarah Kemble, acting state epidemiologist. The U.K. variant spreads more easily and quickly than other variants, which may lead to more cases of COVID-19. State labs are collecting samples from patients across all islands to proactively get a head start. 3. Will the COVID-19 vaccines protect me from the variants? So far, studies suggest that antibodies your body has or will develop through vaccination recognize these variants. This is good news about the effectiveness of the vaccine. Close investigation and more studies are underway. 4. What is the state doing to stop the spread? Vaccinations statewide are underway. As of Thursday, 189,446 doses have been administered. Because some variants are highly contagious, they will affect how many people in Hawai‘i will need to get the vaccine to stop or slow it in its tracks. When it’s your turn to get a shot, don’t hesitate. This has become a race between the virus and the vaccine. 5. Should I wear two masks? It’s recommended that masks have two or more layers, which can be achieved by doubling masks. If you do choose to double mask, make sure the masks cover your mouth and nose and that you can breathe comfortably through them. As our state awaits receiving more vaccine supply for our kūpuna and essential workers, it is more important than ever to rigorously follow safe practices, including wearing a face mask, physical distancing, hand hygiene, gathering safely, and isolation and quarantine. Small actions will make a big difference in limiting the spread of the virus and protecting our communities.

Senate President Ronald D. Kouchi, State House Speaker Scott K. Saiki, Senator Donovan M. Dela Cruz, and Representative Sylvia Luke announced the Legislature’s comprehensive plan to use $635 million in federal CARES Act funds to provide ongoing, immediate relief to residents and small businesses who are suffering from the devastating economic shutdown caused by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. The plan aims to support and reinforce the social safety net for our residents, rebuild and move our economy forward, and address the ongoing pandemic.

Pacific International Space Center for Exploration Systems

Finally, Wednesdays are for P through Z.

Sunset Beach Recreation Center

Hawaiian Electric has suspended service disconnections for nonpayment through June 30 to ensure customers’ electricity needs are met as stay-at-home orders are extended due to the coronavirus pandemic.

O‘ahu kūpuna who donʻt feel comfortable with the online registration process can now call AUW's 2-1-1 hotline to receive help scheduling a COVID-19 vaccination appointment. Kūpuna age 65 and above may call the hotline 7 a.m.-10 p.m. seven days a week. Language translation is available. AUW's team of trained specialists will take basic information from callers and then St. Francis Healthcare System will call back to walk kūpuna through the registration process. Transportation to the vaccination site is also available for eligible individuals.“Kūpuna make up a significant percentage of our state’s total population, and the Executive Office on Aging and our Policy Advisory Board on Elderly Affairs have been tireless advocates of vaccination access for our kūpuna,” said Caroline Cadirao, Director of the state’s Executive Office on Aging. “We’ve listened to concerns and insights from the community, leveraged the expertise of our partners, and came up with this solution. It speaks to the power of collaboration.” The call center is a collaborative effort by the State of Hawai‘i Executive Office on Aging, City and County of Honolulu's Elderly Affairs Division, Aloha United Way and St. Francis Healthcare System.

Accommodations are available upon request to persons with disabilities. Please call (808) 768-3003 or send an email to parks@honolulu.gov at least five days prior to the event.

Research & Economic Analysis

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be streamed live online at olelo.org/49.

Appointments for in-office visits to satellite city halls will be available starting June 29. To make an online appointment, visit www.alohaq.org

The following lists describe the population groups of each allocation phase:

The City opened online appointments for residents whose Hawai‘i driver licenses or state identification cards expire this year in March, April, May, June and July. This is after the state announced its intent to allow licenses and identification cards that expire between March 16 and June 30 to remain valid through Sept. 30.

Business Development & Support Division

For patrons who placed their holds during the closure, their item(s) are ready for pick up after the patron schedules a Library Take Out appointment time to pick up their item(s).

Oahu beaches opened over the weekend, May 16, for activities based on approved guidelines issued by the City and County of Honolulu. In addition to those activities already allowed (e.g., ocean access and exercise), beaches or sand bars within the City may also be utilized with the following restrictions: a. All groups are limited to members of the same household or living unit. b. No group can exceed ten persons. c. All persons using the beach, who are not part of members of the same household or living unit, shall comply with Social Distancing Requirements, provided that a caregiver may accompany a dependent. d. The beach or sand area may only be used one-half hour before sunrise to one-half hour after sunset, unless the person is engaged in shore fishing or permitted outdoor exercise. e. All other State of Hawaiʻi or City restrictions related to COVID-19 must be followed, including, but not limited to, any applicable quarantine restrictions. If you have any questions on Mayor Caldwell’s Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order 2.0, as amended, visit the website, oneoahu.org to find answers to some frequently asked questions. If you still do not find an answer to your question on the site, O‘ahu residents can call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov. The City and County of Honolulu COVID-19 information call center remains open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on holidays.

An online tutorial is available to assist the public with creating their account and profile. Click here to view it.

Hawaii will soon be opening COVID-19 vaccinations to those age 70+ as the state receives more doses of the vaccine. Currently, kupuna age 75+ are eligible to get vaccinated. The Hawaii State Department of Health will announce when vaccination sites begin to accept registrations for this next group of people age 70+. For the latest info on vaccine registration: https://hawaiicovid19.com/vaccination-registration/

County of Hawai'i

For the first time, Kishimoto offered more details on what that timeline looks like, saying public schools in Hawaii won’t reopen fully to in-person instruction before the fall.

Kahalu‘u Community Park

Procedures for written and road driving-test applications are being reviewed and will be announced at a later time.

Kāne‘ohe Community & Senior Center

The Hawaii State Public Library System announced its statewide launch of Library Take Out at 47 of our 51 public libraries. Starting Tuesday, May 26th, library patrons may now schedule a Library Take Out appointment time to pick up their hold item(s) at their favorite library.

The modified Summer Fun Program will be offered on weekdays, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. from Wednesday July, 1 through Tuesday, July 28 (excluding the holiday on Friday, July 3).

Pacific Palisades Community Park

Gov. David Ige signed a 6th supplementary emergency proclamation extending the stay-at-home order across the state through May 31.

Also included in the amended Ho‘oulu i Honolulu 3.0, a replacement of Order 3 relating to indoor and outdoor gatherings. Effective immediately, outdoor gatherings of up to ten individuals are permitted as long as physical distancing is maintained between the groups of up to ten individuals to the extent possible. Outdoor events involving a total of 100 individuals or more are still prohibited.

If you require special assistance, please call 586-6800 or email your request to waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov.

Modifications to the timetable include:

The eviction moratorium, which prevents any eviction from a residential dwelling for failure to pay rent, also remains in effect through May 31.

Click here to view more information, including school sites and pick-up times.

Chaminade University - Dr. Lynn Babington, President

The Special Committee will reconvene tomorrow to hear from the following departments and organizations:

Legislative Timetable: Both the Senate and House have agreed on a modified timetable that has the legislative session convening on January 20, 2021 and adjourning sine die on April 29, 2021.

The Hawai‘i Department of Health is partnering with a number of pharmacies to conduct drive-through vaccination events or in-home vaccinations.

Eligibility will be based on current and projected vaccination numbers, appointment availability--and most importantly--the amount of vaccine allocated and available.

The letter to Mayor Caldwell lists the actions taken by the Hawai‘i Department of Transportation to screen and verify passenger information and require compliance with the state’s quarantine orders, but says that the public is consistently reporting “travelers blatantly violating” the quarantine.

Participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations.

For more information on the Aloha Safe Travels app, go to https://www.wearealohasafe.org.

Temperature checks will continue at airports across the state. Anyone with a temperature higher than 100.4 degrees or who is experiencing other symptoms will be required to undergo a secondary screening at the airport with trained healthcare staff.

District 3

Hō‘ae‘ae Community Park

Retail establishments should meet the following guidelines:

View List of Vaccination Providers

Testing for regular PCR (nose swab) will be conducted as it has been done previously. If one desires this testing, the attending doctor will determine who should be tested. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head here. Testing will be offered without charge for those without insurance.

Walk-in-and-wait transactions will not be offered. The public can continue to do express payment services, such as water bill payments and annual vehicle registration renewals, via online, mail-in or by 24/7 kiosk options.

This would free up appointment slots for transactions that can more efficiently be completed in-person, such as applying for a disability-parking permit, junking a vehicle or performing complicated motor vehicle transactions related to a lost title or difficult registrations.

Kāne‘ohe District Park

Plan to Make Your Vaccination Appointment

The special committee will convene to assess and advise the Senate regarding the State of Hawaii's COVID-19 plans and procedures for reopening the economy and the plans for economic recovery.

In 2020, the Coronavirus 19 (COVID-19) pandemic heightened these development goals, by shedding light on key areas that must be addressed to further our sustainable development goals and create a more sustainable Hawaii. The Sustainable Development Goals the State Senate are prioritizing are:

Kalākaua District Park

Ms. Angela Keen

Learn More About Variant Detection in Hawai‘i

You probably donʻt need an expert to tell you that the COVID-19 pandemic is taking a toll on our individual and collective mental health. Even for those of us lucky enough not to be touched by the actual virus, the impact on our daily lives is stressful at best. And for many facing unemployment and financial, work or family distress, it can be devastating. Some experts predict the mental health repercussions will last long after the virus is under control. Hawai‘i is staying ahead of the curve by ramping up counseling and an array of services to help residents experiencing anxiety, depression, panic or just feeling overwhelmed as the pandemic reaches the one-year milestone this month. Thatʻs the motivation and mission behind the Department of Health’s new program “Kū Makani—The Hawai‘i Resiliency Project.” This service launched in January and offers dedicated crisis counseling to callers facing emotional fallout related to the COVID-19 pandemic. There are also virtual events for individuals and groups of all ages as well as island-specific resources and referrals. “It is normal to experience difficulty with adapting to the new challenges of managing work, school, family, or home due to COVID-19, to feel isolated or anxious, or to worry about meeting basic needs like having enough food or access to healthcare,” says Kathleen Merriam, Team Leader for Kū Makani. “If you or someone you love needs support, don’t be afraid to reach out.” Kū Makani is named for the Hawaiian plant ʻaʻaliʻi kū makani—which grows well in strong winds, reflecting a spirit of resilience in challenging circumstances. The program was made possible through a partnership with CARE Hawaii, Inc. and funded by a $2 million federal government grant from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA).

Are You Fully Vaccinated?

12:30 p.m. Airlines for America

Hawaii Quarantine Kapu Breakers

The committee will be meeting with the following to discuss enforcement of the 14-day quarantine and stay-at-home orders:

The Special Committee on COVID-19 will meet tomorrow with the following:

Certain designated businesses and operations in the City and County of Honolulu will be allowed to re-open on May 15, by following specific guidelines as detailed Emergency Order No. 2020-10. The Amended and Restated Stay at Home/Work from Home Order, now under the new name “Ho‘oulu i Honolulu” or “Restore Honolulu” Order, incorporates all prior Emergency Orders, including the wearing of non-medical grade face coverings, social distancing requirements, and the limited opening of City parks.

Effective Friday, June 19, indoor gatherings of up to ten individuals (regardless of household or living unit affiliation) would be allowed to resume on O‘ahu. Indoor events involving over 50 individuals are still prohibited.

Pālolo Valley District Park

GDP History, Outlook, and Potential Sector Growth:

If you miss your day, don’t worry, Thursdays through Sundays are open.

94-1480 Moaniani St, Waipahu

DPR is privileged to participate in the Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) in conjunction with Summer Fun.

1010 Pensacola St, Honolulu

For the other eight satellite city halls on O‘ahu, precautions are in place to ensure the safety of customers and employees, who will be required to wear facial coverings and remain six-feet apart from others during all in-office transactions.

Department of Transportation

Today the Hawai‘i Department of Health announced the state will extend COVID-19 vaccine eligibility to people age 60 and older beginning Monday, March 29.

Ala Wai Community Park

In the past two months, about 12.5% of Hawai‘i residents have received their first dose of a COVID-19 vaccine. We are making progress in administering the vaccinations to high-risk and top-priority groups. To date, slightly more than half, or 55%, of kūpuna age 75 and above have been vaccinated with at least one dose. Unfortunately, severe winter storms on the continental U.S. are affecting shipments to our islands this week and some appointments had to be postponed. We will keep distributing vaccines as soon as we get them--to reach as many Hawai‘i residents as possible as quickly as possible.

Kamehameha Community Park

Phase 2:

The COVID-19 vaccine is now available at the Neal Blaisdell Concert Hall for adults 75 years of age and older. Vaccinations are by appointment only.

‘Ewa Mahiko District Park

The City and County of Honolulu is pleased to announce it is supporting more drive-thru COVID-19 testing this week.

View the Latest Data on COVID-19 Cases and Vaccinations

The City and County of Honolulu announced that it has reopened its online appointment system for driver license and state identification card services.

Below are those online registration dates and procedures which are determined by geographic park district. All dates and times are Hawai‘i Standard Time:

Customers should NOT worry about their power being shut off due to nonpayment through the end of June, and any threat of immediate disconnection unless payment is made received before June 30 should be treated as a scam. Customers experiencing financial hardship because of the pandemic are urged to contact Hawaiian Electric to discuss payment arrangements and options.

Addressing the public health needs of the COVID-19 pandemic is another pillar to the comprehensive funding plan. “The Legislature’s plan devotes $100 million to distribute ample sanitation and PPE supplies for essential workers beyond the health care community including child care facilities, elderly care homes, small businesses, schools, and non-profits that work with populations vulnerable to the coronavirus,” said Senate President Ronald Kouchi.

Tracking Hawaiiʻs progress: How are we doing as a state?

Safety Protocols: The Senate is reinforcing pre-existing protocols and implementing several new measures to prevent and mitigate the spread of COVID-19 while maintaining an open and transparent legislative process.

Kaiser Permanente members must schedule an appointment through an e-Visit. For more information, please visit https://healthy.kaiserpermanente.org/hawaii/health-wellness/coronavirus-information/covid-vaccine . If you’re unable to schedule your appointment online, call (808) 432-2000 (TTY 711), Mon – Fri, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

The Senate's primary budgetary focus will be on deploying the existing federal CARES Act money,” said Senate President Kouchi.

Dr. Bruce Anderson, Director

Satellite city halls across O‘ahu will start reopening July 1 for regular in-office service on an appointment-only basis.

Kaiser Waipio Medical Office

Those whose last name starts with H through O should file on Tuesdays.

1:30 p.m.

Parking: No charge. Enter from King St. into Blaisdell Parking Lot. ADA accommodations available.

Tomorrow, May 8, Kalihi Kai Urgent Care will conduct testing at ʻEwa Beach Community Park. Testing will be from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.

‘Aiea District Park

Antibody testing determines whether a patient was exposed to COVID-19 and now has antibodies against the virus; it is not used to determine whether someone currently has the disease. The test also does not tell you whether or not you may be susceptible to getting COVID-19 again. Patients should discuss results with their healthcare provider to understand what the results mean for them.

Mākaha Community Park

The Hawai‘i State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 will hold a meeting beginning at 1 p.m. today, live on ‘Ōlelo channel 49 on O‘ahu and http://olelo.org/49. The State Capitol remains closed to the public.

Download the essential workers vaccination toolkit

Phase 2 similarly applies to the outdoor team sports included in Phase 1, but incorporates competitive team play.

2021-25-02-Commencement and Transition Ceremony Guidelines for School Year 2020-21.pdf (hawaiipublicschools.org)

DATE: Wednesday, August 19, 2020 TIME: 1:30 p.m. PLACE: Conference Room 211 THE STATE CAPITOL IS CLOSED TO THE PUBLIC DURING THE ONGOING COVID-19 EPIDEMIC A live stream of all Senate Standing Committee meetings will be available online. Selected hearings will also be broadcast live on ‘Ōlelo Community Media. AGENDA 1:30 p.m. Department of Human Resources Development (ZOOM) Mr. Ryker Wada, Director 2:00 p.m. Hawaii Emergency Management Agency (ZOOM) Major General Kenneth Hara, Incident Commander 3:00 p.m. Department of Education (ZOOM) [HARD STOP @ 4pm] Dr. Christina Kishimoto, Superintendent 4:00 p.m. Department of Health - Behavioral Health Services Administration (ZOOM) Mr. Edward Mersereau, Deputy Director No public testimony will be accepted. If you require other auxiliary aids or services to participate in the public hearing process (i.e., interpretive services (oral or written) or ASL interpreter), please contact the committee clerk at least 24 hours prior to the hearing so that arrangements can be made. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION, PLEASE CALL THE COMMITTEE CLERK AT (808) 586-6800.

The 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation, EXHIBIT G, lists the businesses/operations designated for re-opening, and outlines specific safety guidelines for each. It also includes county-specific requirements. For example, retail businesses on Oʻahu may not open until May 15, 2020, and Maui County will not allow retail, most repair shops and malls to reopen at this time.

Are you eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Hawaii?

The special committee will be meeting with the following:

Wahiawā District Park

Gov. Ige has approved Mayor Kirk Caldwell’s proposal to allow singing and/or playing of wind instruments at indoor and outdoor restaurants/bars, with some restrictions.

In order to balance the childcare needs of our island community with the safety guidelines established due to COVID-19, there will be significant changes to the number of keiki that our facilities and staff can accommodate, the activities offered, and overall program procedures:

Over 34,000 households are expected to receive help from the plan’s $100 million funded rental and housing assistance subsidies. The State’s most financially vulnerable households will receive rental assistance in the form of a $500 monthly subsidy or 50% of rent, whichever is lesser, for up to five months from August 1 to December 31.

Some changes include:

Throughout the 2021 Legislative Session, all Senate proceedings will be live-streamed on the Hawai‘i State Senate's YouTube page. In addition to the live streams, the Senate will continue working with public access television providers on all islands to broadcast Senate committee hearings and floor sessions. Members will be given the option to participate in all proceedings either in-person or remotely via videoconference. The public will have the opportunity to provide testimony in writing and via videoconference through the Legislature's website, allowing broader participation for those who previously were unable to get to the State Capitol.

The public is reminded that the parking lot at the Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be closed to the public until 3 p.m. to allow for breakdown of testing tents and clearing of cones and barriers. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Vaccine eligibility on all islands will expand Monday, April 5 to include essential workers in construction, banking and finance, communications, media, retail, information technology, clergy, and transportation and logistics.

Gov. Ige issued the initial emergency proclamation for COVID-19 on Mar. 4, 2020 followed by:

Crestview Community Park

Wai‘anae District Park

Hawaii Pacific Health is administering vaccines at the Pier 2 Cruise Terminal, located at 521 Ala Moana Blvd, Honolulu. As of today, February 25, 2021, all Oahu appointments are full. Additional appointments will be added as more vaccine becomes available. Please check https://www.hawaiipacifichealth.org/hph-covid-19-updates/vaccine-update/

Florists statewide will be allowed to deliver flowers starting this Friday. Gov. Ige has given permission for florists to get back to business May 1, this after the governor himself revoked just two days ago a special exemption florists got for a 10-day window around Mother’s Day.

Kaiser Permanente

Waialua District Park

The stay-at-home order means residents may leave their homes only for various essential needs, including healthcare, purchasing food, medicine, gasoline, taking care of the elderly, minors, or those with disabilities, returning to a place of residence outside of Hawai‘i, picking up educational materials for distance learning, receiving meals or other related services. Outdoor exercise is also permitted – including swimming, surfing and walking pets.

The DOE has created guidelines to set limits on the number of people who can greet graduates and where the celebrations can take place.

The emergency proclamation lifts the quarantine requirement for inter-island travelers effective 12:01 a.m. on June 16, 2020. However, it also leaves in place the quarantine requirement for out-of-state travelers. The governor has the authority to make exemptions for transit corridors/bubbles.

The Senate floor session will convene at 11:30 a.m. on Monday, June 22, with hearings getting underway that morning. The session is scheduled to adjourn on Friday, July 10. The new legislative timetable is available here: https://www.capitol.hawaii.gov/docs/2020calendar.pdf

All Residents 16+ Are Becoming Eligible April 19

Phase 1-B: Began in December and is expected to be completed in May, focuses on those over the age of 75 not included in phase 1-A and frontline essential workers. The list of frontline essential workers includes:

The State Capitol building will remain closed to the public at least through June 30, 2020. Entry into the building will continue to be limited through the main double glass doors on the basement level from 7:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., and the National Guard will continue temperature screening everyone entering the building. Entry will be limited to employees and authorized guests. For more details, please read the memo dated May 22, 2020, from the Comptroller: Revised - Capitol Security Access Procedures

The Hawai‘i State Senate Committee on Ways and Means today deferred pay raises for legislators and state officials this year that had been recommended by the Salary Commission prior to the COVID-19 pandemic.

In addition, running, jogging or walking on the beach will be permitted, as long as social distancing requirements are observed.

Mānana Community Park

For more information, please visit their website at librarieshawaii.org.

1. Patrons go to HSPLS Library Catalog and place a hold on any item(s) they want to borrow, or they may call their favorite library branch to place a hold with our staff.

Our Public Health Nurses aren’t able to visit every home with a COVID-19 patient. So they looked for another way to deliver the detailed information these patients and caregivers need. They brought this dilemma to state and community partners and brainstormed the best way to help. The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency (Emergency Support Function) ESF-8, Community Care/Outreach Unit team conducted extensive statewide surveys of residents and families, as well as health and social service providers, about their needs and concerns during this pandemic.

This year registration will be conducted primarily online thanks to new software developed by the Honolulu Department of Information Technology. The software is called Parks and Recreation Online System, or PROS, and works best using the Google Chrome web browser.

Starting today, more people are eligible to get vaccinated in Hawaii. People age 65 and older, individuals with high-risk medical conditions, as well as essential workers listed in phase 1C, now qualify to get the vaccine, though there will be an emphasis on certain groups. You can read more about that here, as well as register to get vaccinated: https://hawaiicovid19.com/vaccination-registration/

District 3 (Pearlridge to Waiʻanae to Wahiawā) - ph. (808) 768-6889

Online Registration begins Saturday, June 20 at 9 a.m.

All in-office transactions will be served on an appointment-only basis. Masks or face coverings are required during in-office visits.

12:00 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

Moanalua Community Park

Ms. Susan Ballard, Chief of Police

Members of the Hawaii Executive Collaborative will present on a tourism recovery plan to create a task force to establish a travel bubble corridor. The corridor is for travel by two regions, both of which contained the virus, and who agree to a quarantine-free travel zone.

The state Department of Transportation will require thermal screening at the airport for everyone traveling inter-island. HDOT will also require travelers to fill out a new form that will now also ask for health-related information to assist the state in tracking and responding to new COVID-19 cases.

The changes are related to:

AlohaSafe Alert works in a simple 5-step process: download, diagnose, verify, notify and quarantine. When you download the app, your phone will send random IDs out to other users with the app. If you test positive and anonymously share your diagnosis to the app, it will let others know instantly of exposure without any of your personal information at all. Let’s all work together to slow the spread of the virus and keep our community safe.

Please use this toolkit to help our community build confidence in COVID-19 vaccination. This information will help you and your workers stay educated and informed, as well as know what to expect when it's your turn to receive the vaccine. Essential workers can now register for an appointment at vaccination sites throughout the state.

Ms. Clare Connors, Attorney General

CVS/Longs Drugs

The Executive Office on Early Learning is working closely with the Department of Human Services and other agencies and stakeholders to coordinate early childhood care during the COVID-19 crisis. The departments have announced subsidy changes to its assistance program for families and providers and are encouraging more families to apply. Get more information about applying to Child Care Connection Hawai‘i online by clicking on this link - bit.ly/ApplyCCCH.

This software utilizes the same HNL.Info log-in that many O‘ahu residents already possess. We encourage the public to create an HNL.Info account and a PROS profile ahead of registration by visiting: https://pros.hnl.info.

Every1ne Hawaii - Mr. Robert Kurisu, Co-Founder

The amended bill notes that in expectation of an economic downturn due to COVID-19, “the State Council on Revenues lowered its fiscal year 2021 forecast from four per cent to zero per cent, meaning that the State will have about $225,000,000 less in revenues than expected.”

11:30 a.m. - Department of Taxation, Ms. Rona Suzuki, Director

3:30 p.m. Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

Test participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Out-of-state travelers arriving in Hawai‘i must get a PCR test prior to arrival from any testing location approved by the Hawai‘i State Department of Health. Evidence of a negative test result must be provided upon arrival in Hawai‘i. Without this, passengers arriving from out-of-state will be subject to the 14-day quarantine. No testing will be provided upon arrival at the airport.

The plan sets aside $230 million to support unemployed residents until the end of the year. “These critical funds will provide a new state unemployment insurance weekly benefit that replaces the weekly federal plus-up payments set to expire July 31,” explained Senator Dela Cruz, Chair of the Senate Ways and Means Committee. “Beginning August 1, an estimated 117,000 unemployed individuals will receive the State’s enhanced weekly unemployment benefit of $100.”

⚠️ You never have to pay to get your name on a vaccination list. ⚠️ You can’t pay to “jump the line” and get earlier access to the vaccine. ⚠️ No legitimate vaccine provider will call and ask for your Social Security, bank account or credit card number. Do not answer a call from an unknown number or from an unfamiliar location. If in doubt, hang up and report the call to SMP Hawaii at (808) 586-7281, or visit www.smphawaii.org to learn about recent scams. For more info https://hawaiicovid19.com/vaccinebeware/

Oahu (808) 832-3100 Neighbor Islands: Maui, Kauai & Hawaii 1 (800) 753-6879 Kū Makani crisis counseling hours: 4:00 p.m. - 9:00 p.m. Monday-Friday 9:00a.m. – 9:00 p.m. Saturday & Sunday

According to the Department of Health, the state is expected bring up its total amount of doses received to over 80,000 doses.

PRESCHOOL OPEN DOORS PROGRAM ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS

Mānoa Valley District Park

District 2

If you are in this vaccination group, please follow these instructions:

Mayor Caldwell’s proposal includes the Friday, May 29th resumption of operations with modifications for “personal service providers” including:

Food Service Program:

4. Anyone with unexplained respiratory illness since January 2020 who were never tested for COVID-19

Please note that there may be committee members or invited speakers participating remotely via video or teleconference.

Whitmore Community Park

The Hawaii State Legislature will reconvene next Monday, May 11th. This reconvened session is expected to be about 6-10 days to address state budget issues and for the Senate to take up confirmation hearings for various state boards and commissions. The Ways and Means and Finance Committees will need to consider an estimated $1 billion in budget cuts from the $8 billion general fund budget, while minimizing cuts to social services or pay cuts or furloughs. All meetings and hearings will be broadcast live on Olelo; however, the public will not be able to attend, and written testimony will be excepted via submission.

Antibody Testing will be through actual blood draw. Licensed practitioners will be on site to conduct this test, and the samples are sent to local labs for analysis and reporting. The testing will be free if covered by the patient’s insurance, but a charge of $40 will be made to each patient without insurance by local labs who will bill the patients. Those only taking part in the Antibody Testing will not need to self-quarantine. The following categories of individuals are encouraged to be tested by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi:

Download and Share Home Care Booklet

The bill defers all salary increases slated for this fiscal year for members of the legislature, the governor, lieutenant governor, justices and judges of all state courts, administrative director of the State or an equivalent position, and department heads or executive officers and the deputies or assistants to the department heads or executive officers of the departments.

Kauluwela Community Park

Mr. Ross Higashi, Deputy Director

Gov. Ige signed a 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation that authorizes the first group of businesses to re-open since the COVID-19 pandemic forced the temporary closure of non-essential businesses across the state on Mar. 25.

2. Healthcare Workers and First Responders

New resource! Booklet helps you and your loved ones develop a COVID-19 care plan

Anderson said he is optimistic the process will go well. He said the hospital is expecting another tray next week that is specifically allocated for second doses.

The Hawai‘i State Senate is scheduled to resume its 2020 session June 22 to July 10. Committees will be considering a limited number of critical bills that were put on hold when the Senate was forced to recess in mid-March due to COVID-19. The Senate will also be allocating additional federal funding from the CARES Act.

Kahala Community Park

The Legislature is currently in recess, pursuant to S.C.R. No. 244.

Ms. Jade Fountain-Tanigawa, County Clerk

Gov. David Ige signed a ninth supplementary emergency proclamation that extends the COVID-19 emergency period through July 31.

Letter to Mayor Caldwell

The City and County of Honolulu COVID-19 information call center remains open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on holidays. O‘ahu residents are encouraged to visit the website, oneoahu.org to get answers to frequently asked questions about Mayor Caldwell’s “Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order”. If they do not find an answer to their questions on the site, residents can call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov.

She says summer classes could also be held in-person. Additionally, the state Department of Education announced on February 25 that limited, in-person commencements can be held this year.

As vaccines become more widely available, the Hawaii Department of Health (HDOH) has suggested moving towards the second allocation phase for the COVID-19 vaccine. This means that the following Phase 1b essential workers will be given initial priority at this time:

Driver’s licensing and Satellite City Halls: All six of the driver licensing centers in the City and County of Honolulu are open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. The online appointment system for appoints for driver licenses and state identification services can be accessed at alohaq.org. The system has been revised to serve the greatest needs first. For assistance with making an appointment, call: (808) 768-4177. Masks or face coverings are required during all in-office visits. For more information, visit honolulu.gov.csd. The Kapahulu Vehicle Reconstruction Inspection Station in the City and County of Honolulu is open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. For assistance, call: (808) 768-4325.

The annual Hawaii State Judiciary juror questionnaires will soon be mailed to individuals who have a Hawaii state driver’s license or are registered to vote in Hawaii. Beginning August 3, approximately 235,000 juror questionnaires will be mailed to 85,000 residents on Oahu, 55,000 in Maui County, 70,000 on Hawaii Island, and 25,000 on Kauai. They are used to help select potential jurors who may be eligible to serve in 2021. Individuals are selected at random. Anyone receiving a questionnaire has 10 days to complete and return it to the Jury Pool Office in the envelope provided. Those who fail to respond may be penalized. To be eligible to serve as a juror, you must be at least 18 years old, a citizen of the United States, a resident of Hawaii, and able to read and understand English. The Hawaii State Department of Health is in varying stages of reviewing and approving the circuit courts’ health-and-safety plans to resume jury selection and jury trials. The plan includes touchless temperature scans and CDC-recommended screening questions before entering a courthouse; required face coverings; enforced social distancing measures; and increased cleaning and disinfecting of our facilities.

Clinic Hours of Operation : 8:00 am – 6:30 pm The line is open Monday – Friday, 7:30 am – 5 pm Closed Tuesday

New service simplifies COVID-19 vaccination registration process for kūpuna

The committee asked that he consider the public’s safety and issue a directive to judges to require bail prior to release and conditions such as ankle bracelets for quarantine violators.

3. Front line tourism industry workers with direct exposure to visitors

Mr. Jade Butay, Director

Neighborhood Board Commission: Neighborhood boards will resume public meetings beginning June 1. Physical distancing requirements are followed. For meeting information, please contact the NCO at 768-3710, email nco@honolulu.gov, or visit the office’s website at honolulu.gov/nco.

Under the CARES Act, Hawai'i has been given a total of $862,823,978 to support the State and smaller Counties. A separate allocation of $387,176,021 was provided to the City & County of Honolulu. The Senate has proposed allocating the funds in a responsible, prudent and conservative expenditure approach to meet both statewide and county needs. Below are some highlights. $175 million to support the various counties;

County of Maui

City and County of Honolulu’s proposal to Governor David Ige has been approved to allow for the safe reopening of the following designated business and operations with limitations as outlined in the replacement Exhibit A of the Emergency Order No. 2020-15 (Amendment to Ho‘oulu i Honolulu 3.0), effective Friday, June 19:

To report a possible self-quarantine violation, contact your county police department at 911. The police have access to all data pertaining to airport arrivals.

City and County of Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell announced a new emergency aid program for Oahu residents. Individuals under financial hardship will be eligible for up to $1,000 for basic needs such as rent and utilities, and up to an additional $500 for basic childcare. The program will begin on May 18.

1. Previous COVID-19 positive individuals and their families and close contacts

Leaders of the Hawaii State Teachers Association, Hawaii Government Employees Association, and United Public Workers agreed with a revised Hawaiʻi State Department of Education recommendation to the school board that will adjust the 2020–21 school year calendar, and start students later - from the original August 4 date to August 17. The deal will need the approval of the Hawaiʻi Board Of Education, which will hold a special meeting this Thursday, July 30, at 1 p.m. Ten-month DOE employees will still report to work as planned on Wednesday, July 29. According to HSTA, the agreement would give educators nine (9) additional days of training and preparation time on top of the regularly scheduled two (2) administration days and two (2) teacher preparation days between July 29 and Aug. 3. The extra time “would allow for training, planning, and preparation for the safe return of students to classrooms.” News of the agreement was shared by the unions to its membership, and a statement from Superintendent Dr. Christina Kishimoto was also posted to the DOE website. “HIDOE leadership has been working with the unions throughout the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure our students get the education they deserve and our employees have a safe work environment,” Dr. Kishimoto said. “We have continued these conversations and reached a conditional agreement today to propose a delayed start for students to accommodate concerns regarding employee training.” “Throughout our discussions, we were mindful that any adjustments to the calendar must focus on educating and supporting students,” Kishimoto said. “We also acknowledge the voice of our families, partners and employees who are not represented by the unions yet are impacted by this decision.” “We will use this time to prepare at yet another level, but I recognize this comes at a cost for public school parents and our students,” the Superintendent concluded. “My expectation is that if the Board approves the two week delay, that our labor partners will do an aggressive push to their members to be at schoolhouse doors on day one for our students.”

Mr. Glen Takahashi, City Clerk

12:45p.m. Department of the Attorney General - Ms. Clare Connors, Attorney General

Testing is being done from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. today, April 22 at The Church of Jesus Christ of the Latter-Day Saints in Wahiawā. Testing will be made available to those without insurance as well. For more information on this testing, please call Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Testimony will be provided by Hawaii Executive Collaborative members Paul Yonamine, Duane Kurisu, and Lori Teranishi. Please note that there may be committee members or invited speakers participating remotely via video or teleconference.

Do you have questions about the COVID-19 vaccines? Learning more about vaccines is an important step to protect our community. Stay updated with the latest information on the COVID-19 vaccines at http://hsalinks.com/3cDLQzT.

**Phase 1-C: Is scheduled to begin in March and run through May, focusing on those ages 65 to 74, as well as those with chronic diseases and essential workers not previously included in Phase 1-A or 1-B. Please check https://hawaiicovid19.com/vaccine/ or https://www.oneoahu.org/vaccine for updates on when this group will be eligible to register for the vaccine.

Department of Transportation – Airports Division

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. The meeting will also be livestreaming on olelo.org/49.

The COVID-19 vaccine is now available at vaccination clinics at Honolulu and Waipio Medical Offices, only for Kaiser Permanente members 75 years of age and older. Vaccinations are by appointment only.

Waipahū District Park

To learn more about #AlohaSafeAlert app, visit alohasafealert.org.

The AlohaSafe Alert app was developed in partnership with the state Department of Health (DOH), aio Digital, Hawai‘i Executive Collaborative and Every1ne Hawaiʻi, to reduce the spread of COVID-19 by notifying users if they have been potentially exposed to the virus.

Kalama Beach Park

Test participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them.

The 2020 Summer Fun Program will not require any fees or payment on the part of the participating families. In the past, Summer Fun registration was done in-person as a result of these prior payments. This resulted in eager parents waiting for hours, sometimes days, at various park locations to secure a spot for their keiki.

https://www.cvs.com/immunizations/covid-19-vaccine

District 2 (Makiki to ʻAiea) - ph. (808) 768-9292

This is also a wonderful resource for any and everyone wanting to learn more about COVID prevention and best practices, such as mask hygiene, recognizing symptoms and contact tracing. Download the Home Care for Persons with COVID-19 booklet or find it under Guidance Documents on HawaiiCOVID19.com/resources/#guidance-documents.

No public testimony will be accepted.

Locations:

O‘ahu residents with a hardship or special need outside these parameters can call (808) 768-4177 for assistance.

Clinic Hours of Operation: Monday - Friday 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. Closed 12 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Saturday 8 a.m. to noon Closed Sunday

The City’s COVID-19 information call center remains open every day from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., except on holidays. Oahu residents are encouraged to visit the website, oneoahu.org for more information on Proclamations, Emergency Orders, Business Resources, and Financial and Housing Assistance Programs in the City and County of Honolulu. If you do not find what you are looking for on the site, please feel free to call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov.

The latest proclamation also allows residents to leave their homes to patronize certain businesses and activities under the new “Safer-at-Home” order.

Hawaii Pacific Health

3:00 p.m. Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery & Resiliency Plan

City and County of Honolulu

Sign up for an easy way to stay informed about getting a COVID-19 vaccine at VA at https://www.va.gov/health-care/covid-19-vaccine/stay-informed. When you sign up, the VA will also ask about your vaccine plans. Your local VA health facility may use this information to determine when to contact you once your risk group becomes eligible. The VA will contact every eligible Veteran in each risk group. You don’t need to sign up to get a vaccine. For more information, visit https://www.va.gov/health-care/covid-19-vaccine/

District 1

Here’s how it works:

Agenda for today's meeting found below. Watch it live on Olelo 49.

The 2020 SFSP is sponsored by the United States Department of Agriculture, and will provide lunch to Summer Fun participants 18 years and younger. SFSP will begin on July 6 and run through July 17 at select, qualified Summer Fun sites. Those participating will be listed on DPR’s website: http://bit.ly/SummerFunOahu

Mililani District Park

The survey will help the Department of Health determine the number of vaccine doses that are required for essential workers in each organization and to streamline the scheduling process and administration of the vaccines.

Leaders from the Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project joined Mayor Caldwell to announce a new program to provide support for the psychological well-being and mental health needs of individuals seeking help during the COVID-19 pandemic. The program, conceptualized by Dr. Lawrie Ignacio and Dr. Graham Taylor and coordinated by the Hawai‘i Psychological Association, offers free mental health services provided by a Pro Bono Service Provider to uninsured residents on Oʻahu and throughout the state. The Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project is a multi-disciplinary initiative that unites several mental health care communities with the common goal of ensuring that more Hawai‘i residents have access to quality mental health care. To ensure proper physical distancing during the Mayor’s “Ho’oulu i Honolulu” Order, all therapy and counseling services under the program will be provided exclusively via online telehealth platforms. People can access the service on a first-come, first-serve basis by logging on to https://www.hawaiipsychology.org/ and clicking on the “Please click HERE for more information” link under the heading: Hawai'i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project. The link will direct the individual seeking services to a description page outlining the terms of the Project, where he or she can then click on another link to submit a request for services. Once a request is submitted, the individual seeking services will be contacted by a Project coordinator who will assist in linking the individual to an available provider. The Project coordinators are asking for patience up front from those seeking mental health services provided by the Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project, as mental health providers are in high demand and matching requests with available providers at any given time may require a waiting period. The program does not offer a triage service, so interested residents may need to contact other community mental health services in order to secure timely services. Additionally, services being provided through the Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project are not suitable for urgent and crisis situations as the Project will not be able to immediately connect individuals in severe distress with an available provider. Those experiencing severe distress, or an emergency, are asked to call emergency and crisis personnel who can provide an immediate response. Along with the City’s 768-CITY information helpline, the City also created a website at www.oneoahu.org to provide information about Mayor Caldwell’s Emergency Order, provide updates on the availability of City services, and direct residents to quality, trusted COVID-19 healthcare information. For residents who do not find the information they are looking for on the website, residents can also email covidresponse@honolulu.gov to ask questions and get a response from City staff. To learn more about the Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project visit https://www.hawaiipsychology.org/.

The public is reminded that parking lots at the two sites will be closed to the public until 2 p.m. to allow for breakdown of testing tents and clearing of cones and barriers. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Fern Community Park

Wailupe Community Park

Mr. Sean Williams, Vice President

Antibody testing determines whether a patient had COVID-19 and now has antibodies against the virus; it is not used to determine whether someone currently has the disease. The test also does not tell you whether or not you may be susceptible to getting COVID again. Patients should discuss results with their healthcare provider to understand what the results mean for them.

As Hawai‘i continues to vaccinate our community and work toward herd immunity, it is important for every resident to understand the importance of getting vaccinated to protect ourselves and those around us.

Mr. Rodrigo Romo, Program Director

Reconstructed vehicle inspection is another in-office visit that will be served strictly on an appointment-only basis.

COVID-19 testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex and Kakaʻako Waterfront Park will be available this weekend. Drive-thru testing for COVID-19 will be offered at both locations, but a new Antibody Testing will be offered as well.

Hawaii Technology Development Corporation

Mr. Scott Nago, Chief Election Officer

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency - Ms. Alexandra Slous, State Disaster Recovery Coordinator

The state Department of Labor and Industrial Relations is kicking off an alphabetical system to ease the burden on the antiquated technology that has crashed multiple times over the past few weeks.

To view the guidelines, head here - https://health.hawaii.gov/coronavirusdisease2019/files/2020/04/What-To-Do-If-You-Have-Been-Tested-For-COVID19_040120.pdf.

Mr. Jon Henricks, County Clerk

The COVID-19 Hardship Relief program will provide funding support to Oahu residents with amounts up to $1,000 per month for qualified household expenses, and up to $500 per month for qualified childcare expenses to aid in lessening economic hardships caused by the pandemic. Each household may receive continued benefits as hardship continues, up to 6 months.

Approach to Job Creation:

Hawai‘i seniors age 75+ may make appointments for both required doses via CVS.com or through the CVS Pharmacy app. Those without online access can call customer service: (800) 746-7287. CVS cannot administer vaccinations to walk-in customers without an appointment.

Honolulu Police Department

The partnering pharmacies throughout the state include: ElixRx Pharmacy, 5 Minute Pharmacy, Foodland Pharmacy, KTA Pharmacy, Pharmacare Hawaii, The Queen’s Medical Center Pharmacy, and Times Pharmacy. As of Friday, the DOH has administered more than 56,000 vaccines and has received 152,650 doses from Moderna and Pfizer-BioNTech combined.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick-up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also stream live online at olelo.org/49.

The Hawaii State Department of Education (HIDOE) Grab-and-Go school meals program will be extended at select meal sites for an extra four days beyond the end of the school year on May 28 and transition to the summer meal program which runs through July 17. Certain schools will provide meals to children 18 years or younger, free of charge, regardless of eligibility for free or reduced price meals.

The special committee will convene to discuss the impact of COVID-19 on the upcoming elections. Specific topics include the number of Voter Service Centers, available drop boxes, and the steps being taken to ensure the health and safety of voters.

Kamilo Iki Community Park

Swanzy Beach Park

Queen’s Health Systems

For Fitness facilities to reopen, operators must limit occupancy to no more than fifty percent of the maximum occupant load, establish physical distancing guidelines (at least six feet), limit locker room access and the number of persons who use amenities of the facilities at the same time, and keep water fountains closed, except for those designed to refill water bottles in a contact-free manner.

For those who do not have computer or internet access, accommodations are available to facilitate their registration into the program. Please call the Summer Fun site for those accommodations. A list of the 65 program sites is included at the bottom of this announcement for your convenience.

Click HERE to read the full press release.

4:15 p.m. Department of Taxation

Library Take Out service is not available at the following libraries: Liliha, McCully, Pearl City and the Hawaii State Library. No book donations will be accepted at this time.

Phase 1c:

More COVID-19 testing will be available at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex and Kakaʻako Waterfront Park this weekend. Drive-thru testing for COVID-19 will be offered at both locations, but a new Antibody Testing will be offered as well.

For each location, follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. This is part of an effort to do focused testing in communities across Oʻahu. Results of the testing will be used to identify COVID-19 “Hot Spots” to help in their containment.

To help lessen demand for appointments, 50,000 letters were sent to O‘ahu residents who qualify to renew their driver licenses or state identification cards either online or by mail. In addition, the federal government announced in April that the start date for REAL ID enforcement has been extended by 12 months to Oct. 1, 2021.

Public Access: Since the State Capitol building will be closed to the public, the Senate will be conducting all committee hearings and floor session virtually. Members of the public will have the opportunity to provide testimony in writing and via videoconference, allowing broader participation by those who previously were not able to get to the State Capitol.

Mr. Scott Glenn, Chief Energy Officer

Booth District Park

1:00 p.m. - Department of Health, Dr. Bruce Anderson, Director

The letter to the Chief Justice states the concern “that the quarantine orders are being flouted once travelers leave the airport” and that when violators “appear before a judge, often the violators are released on their own recognizance without any measures to ensure no further violations happen.”

Kalihi Valley District Park

Pearl City District Park

“Disturbingly, we have also received reports that the City and County of Honolulu have avoided addressing these public concerns of non-compliance with regularity,” the letter says, and requests that the administration make enforcement of the quarantine “a priority by investigating and arresting people who violate them in our community, including returning residents and vacation rentals…”

Kaiser Honolulu Medical Office

McCully District Park

AlohaSafe Alert: Add your phone to fight against COVID-19

The COVID-19 vaccine is now available at vaccination clinics at Pier 2 Cruise Terminal for adults 75 years of age and older. Vaccinations are by appointment only.

The Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order allows residents of the City and County of Honolulu to shop at retail businesses and shopping malls that comply with specific operations guidelines that includes allowing all persons in these establishments to maintain physical/social distancing and health and safety standards.

Kahuku Community Park

The committee will be meeting with the following:

The Pfizer vaccine was the first vaccine to go into the arms of Hawaii’s healthcare workers, and ideally the second would go 21 days after.

These are just a few of the requirements and conditions for reopening and resuming operations. The full list for each business, service, or activity is included in the Amendment to Ho‘oulu i Honolulu 3.0.

Click here to read more from Civil Beat.

For information on the testing with Transformation Health Network, call 854-3566.

Who is eligible to get the vaccine and how do I sign-up?

These businesses/operations are required to follow the social distancing requirements in the 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation. They also are encouraged to follow the applicable guidelines recommended by the Centers for Disease Control. Generally, this means they must implement physical distancing requirements such as capacity limits and ensuring 6 feet or more between individuals using floor markings and signage; limit in-person work when possible; reduce the number of high-touch surfaces and objects as much as possible; reconfigure workplace to enable physical distancing if possible; communicate health and safety protocols to all employees, customers and visitors.

Pu‘unui Community Park

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency, Dr. Steven Hankins, Lead Coordinator

There will be no discrimination in the course of the meal service, as they will be served regardless of race, color, creed, national origin, sex, or disability.

How to Register for the Vaccine

Makiki District Park

Hālawa District Park

The Hawai‘i State Senate’s 2020 session was originally scheduled to take place from January 15 to May 7, but the Senate was forced to recess in mid-March due to the COVID-19 emergency. The Senate held a two week reconvene on May 11 to pass time-sensitive budget bills and nominations from the governor.

Waimānalo Beach Park

These new practices and protocols have been adopted in accordance with CDC guidelines, the City and County of Honolulu’s tiered reopening system and are subject to change.

Location: Pier 2 Cruise Terminal 521 Ala Moana Blvd, Honolulu

Hawaii Pacific University - Mr. John Y. Gotanda, President

These businesses and operations will be allowed to reopen under guidelines and conditions to ensure safety for both employees of these establishments and customers/clients. For example, Bars may reopen with operators ensuring limiting occupancy to no more than fifty percent of the maximum occupant load of the bar, limiting groups within the bar to a maximum of ten individuals per group, and ensuring groups within the bar maintain at least six feet of separation from other groups.

Dr. Sarah Park, State Epidemiologist

For more information, visit honolulu.gov/csd.

The result is this newly released Home Care for Persons with COVID-19 booklet. Presenting expert advice from trusted sources, the booklet saves Hawaii’s families valuable time trying to search out information and wondering who they can trust. Families can quickly find answers to specific and urgent issues, such as how to take a temperature or use a pulse oximeter and when to call 9-1-1. The easy-to-read booklet also includes a statewide directory of community resources, including isolation and quarantine assistance, crisis and mental health services and foodbanks.

Kāne‘ohe Community Park

Longs Drugs pharmacies begin offering COVID-19 vaccinations daily

For more information, visit www.honolulu.gov/csd

The Honolulu Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) is excited to announce a modified version of Summer Fun will be held this year. The program will be offered at no charge to O‘ahu families with Mayor Caldwell waiving the fees for the summer day camp.

Kalaniana‘ole Beach Park

Here is a breakdown of what is now permitted in Tier 3:

District 4 (Waialua to Waimānalo) - ph. (808) 768-8980

The Hawai‘i Department of Human Services (DHS) is assisting eligible families to better-afford preschool for the 2021-2022 school year.

THOUSANDS IN HAWAIʻI EXPECTED TO BENEFIT FROM EMERGENCY FOOD STAMPS, PANDEMIC SCHOOL MEAL PROGRAM

Beretania Community Park

If you are a senior age 75 or older, you are now eligible to register for the COVID-19 vaccine. Medical personnel and frontline workers in Phase 1b are also being vaccinated and will be contacted by their employer to schedule their COVID-19 vaccination. Visit the registration directory at HERE.

Natural Energy Laboratory of Hawaii Authority

This week the Hawai‘i Department of Health (DOH) launched a new service to help O‘ahu's older adults book their COVID-19 vaccination appointments.

Gov. Ige announced all travelers arriving in Hawai‘i from out-of-state will be required to get a valid COVID-19 test prior to their arrival, and to show proof of a negative test result, to avoid the 14-day quarantine. The pre-travel testing program begins Aug. 1.

1:30 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

Participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information including insurance if available and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head here.

Enchanted Lake Community Park

Salt Lake District Park

“We are closely monitoring current and projected vaccination numbers, appointment availability and most importantly the amount of vaccine allocated to the people of Hawai‘i,” said State Health Director Dr. Libby Char. “Our analysis of these indicators tells us it is time to expand vaccine eligibility to more people.”

If you are having difficulty filing your unemployment insurance 24/7, you may be clicking on the wrong link. Follow these steps to complete your filing and avoid error messages:

A new executive order issued by President Joe Biden will provide more Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program or SNAP benefits, commonly known as food stamps, to the most needy families, according to an update provided by US Senator Brian Schatz (D-Hawai‘i).

In regards to outdoor organized team sports, the Mayor’s Order includes two phases to ensure the safety of coaches, athletes, trainers, and everyone else involved. Phase 1 applies to outdoor team sports such as baseball, soccer, outdoor volleyball, and similar outdoor team sports. Under the amended Exhibit A of the City’s Order, starting Friday, June 19, activities would be allowed to resume under specific conditions. Those requirements include but are not limited to, limiting the activity to skill-building drills and team-based practice only, in which physical distancing of six feet or more between individuals may generally be maintained and groups are limited to a single Sports Program team, or a maximum of 30 players, whichever is less.

With more vaccine shipments en route, the Hawai‘i Department of Health is expanding the pool of people eligible to receive a COVID-19 shot. Beginning this coming Monday, March 8, all Hawai‘i residents age 70 and up are eligible to receive the vaccine. Learn where you can make your vaccination appointment HERE.

Learn more about the Kūpuna Call Center

On Tuesday, May 12, Transformation Health Network will conduct testing in the parking lot at Kalihi Union Church, 2214 North King Street from 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Entry will be from the driveway on Umi Street. Walk-up individuals are welcome also.

Qualified expenses will be paid directly to the vendor on behalf of the applicant.

The COVID-19 vaccine is now available at the Neal Blaisdell Concert Hall located at 777 Ward Avenue, Honolulu. Vaccinations are by appointment only, no walk-ins will be allowed at this time. For more information, please visit https://covid.queens.org/vaccination/

Essential workers across the state are next in line to receive the vaccine. To help ensure the proper number of dosages are available for essential workers, the Department of Health has issued anonline survey for businesses and other organizations to complete if they employ essential workers. The state’s vaccination plan defines “essential workers” as:

Travelers may be prohibited from boarding a flight if they have an elevated temperature above 100.4 degrees, they refuse to complete the mandatory form, or they are on the 14-day quarantine list prohibiting them from flying.

Hawaii Tourism Authority

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 16, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 17, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

The full list of commencement guidelines can be viewed here.

POD aims to assist low-income and moderate-income families with a subsidy that provides their children the opportunity to attend preschool. Preschool and other early learning opportunities help children gain essential skills, be prepared for school, and chart a course for lifelong success. Interested families may access the application from the department’s POD contractor, PATCH, by visiting patchhawaii.org or calling (808) 791-2130. They may also call toll-free at 1-800-746-5620.

Another $56 million will be used to bring back small businesses, support training and job programs connecting unemployed with local businesses in need of employees, and provide manufacturing grants to local companies that can create local supply chains for necessary cleaning supplies and personal protection equipment (PPE).

Grave site visits are also being added as an Essential Activity. All of the added reopening of certain businesses are with limitations. The restated Stay at Home Order incorporates prior orders, including but not limited to, ordering all individuals living within the City to stay at their place of residence except for Essential Activities, Governmental Functions, or to operate Essential Businesses, mandating employees and visitors of Essential Businesses to wear a non-medical grade face covering mandate, and the ban of all public and private gatherings of any number of people occurring outside a single household or living unit.

Dr. Edward Desmond, Administrator

Who is eligible to get the vaccine right now?

AlohaSafe Alert is a free and voluntary new service that helps slow the spread of COVID-19. It is the State of Hawaii’s official exposure notification app and has been developed in partnership with the Hawai‘i Department of Health. Add your phone to the fight to stop COVID-19 and protect your family, friends, co-workers, neighbors and community.

Are you caring for someone with COVID-19? Would you like to be prepared in the event a friend, family member or loved one should test positive? Most COVID-19 patients recover at home, so this new online booklet is here to support you! A few months into the pandemic, Hawaii’s Public Health Nurses and community outreach partners started to notice a growing challenge in the neighborhoods they serve. When someone tests positive for COVID-19, family members suddenly become caregivers. With little knowledge or guidance, many don’t know where to begin when it comes to caring for a loved one while keeping the rest of the family safe and healthy.

The Health Department is still in the process of developing this program but anticipates requiring an FDA-approved PCR test from a CLIA certified laboratory. Travelers will be required to provide printed or emailed pre-test certification as evidence of a negative test result. Travelers will be responsible for the cost of the pre-travel test.

Since in-office visits were suspended nine weeks ago, more than 44,000 driver license and state ID appointments had to be canceled.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be streamed live online at olelo/org/49.

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, June 27, by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing will be from 8 a.m. – 2 p.m.

View 5 Things You Can Do to Avoid Vaccine Scams

On weekends and holidays, that time is from 9 a.m. to 11 p.m.

This COVID-19 vaccination toolkit for essential workers is an informational resource to help Hawai‘i companies educate their employees. The facts in these flyers and handouts can be used to initiate and continue conversations about the importance of getting the COVID-19 vaccine.

Phase 1a:

Due to the recent uptick in COVID-19 cases, drive-thru testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be available this weekend.

Phase 1b:

Department of Environmental Services: Regular curbside refuse, green waste, and recycling service is still being conducted. Convenience centers and transfer stations remain open. Please note, all in-person services are suspended. Visit opala.org for more information.

Changes to the amended Stay at Home Order add the limited reopening of certain designated businesses and operations such as:

View Fast Facts About the COVID-19 Vaccine

Mr. David Sikkink, Administrator

‘Ewa Beach Community Park

The legislative branch will reopen beginning June 1, 2020. Each Senate office and support staff office will be expected to resume normal business hours on that date. For more details, please read the memo dated May 22, 2020, from the Senate President: Reopening of Legislative Branch - June 1, 2020

Look for registration opportunities available through links posted on HawaiiCOVID19.com/vaccination-registration and from healthcare providers around the state.

View Directory of Vaccination Providers

Please be ready to show your registration within the hour.

Starting Monday, April 19 all Hawai‘i residents age 16+ will be eligible for COVID-19 vaccination. This means 300,000 people will be newly eligible, bringing the total to more than 650,000 people in our state who are eligible and still unvaccinated.

University of Hawaii – School of Nursing and Dental Hygiene - Dr. Mary G. Boland, Dean

Are you eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Hawaii? Search by zip code to find a location near you and see which vaccines are being offered at each location! Find COVID-19 vaccines at local pharmacies near you at https://vaccinefinder.org/search/.

SafePaths - Mr. Michael Kamida, Technical Lead and Liaison

SUPERINTENDENT SAYS SCHOOLS COULD REALISTICALLY REOPEN FULLY IN FALL 2021; SOME HIGH SCHOOLS CAN HOLD LIMITED IN-PERSON COMMENCEMENT CEREMONIES

The City and County of Honolulu will soon be launching the COVID-19 Hardship Relief Program to help those most economically impacted by shutdowns to prevent the spread of the coronavirus. Scheduled to launch on May 18, the relief fund can be used to assist with basic needs including as rent, eligible utilities, childcare, and other essential expenses.

The Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order can be found here.

Aloha Trace - Mr. Brandon Kurisu, Coalition Representative

Lanakila District Park

In addition, travelers will be required to fill out the State Travel and Health form.

‘Āhuimanu Community Park

‪Starting 5 a.m. Saturday, City parks will be reopened to exercise only. Exercise includes running, walking, jogging and biking. However, no camping, using tennis courts, basketball courts, play equipment, off-leash dog parks, baseball, volleyball, etc.

Mr. Len Higashi, Acting Executive Director

Vehicle registrations can be renewed online, at self-service kiosks inside select Safeway and Foodland stores, as well as by mail. More information on these options is available at the Department of Customer Services website.

Kilauea District Park

Mayor Kirk Caldwell announced that certain Oauhu businesses will be allowed to open with limitations. This Order is effective from 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, April 30 through 4:30 p.m. on May 18.

Appointments can be made on AlohaQ.org.

For non-pandemic counseling and services, including crisis support, mental health resources and substance use treatment services, you may always call the Hawai‘i CARES hotline 24/7 at 1 (800) 753-6879 or text “ALOHA” to 741741.

Department of Parks and Recreation: City parks, courts, fields and parking lots are open. City skate parks and off-leash dog parks will reopen on Friday, May 29. The Koko Head Shooting Complex, city archery ranges, People’s Open Markets, and pools (lap swim only) are scheduled to reopen on Friday, June 5. The five Honolulu Botanical Gardens are open for passive use. This means no camping, garden tours, or recreational programs will be offered at that time. Other park facilities remain closed to the public, such as: playgrounds, campgrounds, gyms, and recreation buildings. Please be advised that lifeguards are not stationed in their regular towers but are instead on roving patrols. Stand-alone comfort stations are open but they will be closed during cleaning, maintenance, and regular park closure hours. For more information, please visit honolulu.gov/parks.

Ms. Kathy Sokugawa, Acting Director

At least 25,000 in Hawaii have been vaccinated for COVID-19 and the state is now preparing to administer the second dose to thousands of healthcare workers.

Mr. Scott Murakami, Director

*ALL VACCINES ADMINISTERED ARE BY APPOINTMENT ONLY*

“The 21 days is the standard recommendation,” she said. “The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices said it’s acceptable to get it as early as 17 days after the first dose of Pfizer vaccine. And there is no confirmed time period after 21 days that would require starting again.

Currently, the CVS website lists people over the age of 75 as eligible to receive a vaccine. If you qualify under this requirement, you may schedule an appointment on the CVS website after completing a short questionnaire. Pharmacies will have either the Pfizer or Moderna vaccine based on availability. For more information, contact (800) 746-7287 or visit https://www.cvs.com/immunizations/covid-19-vaccine

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 53 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. The meeting will also be streamed live online at olelo.org/53.

Online Registration begins Thursday, June 18 at 6 p.m.

State expands eligibility to more Phase 1c essential workers on Monday

11:00 a.m. Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

The Preschool Open Doors (POD) program application period began earlier in January and is open through March 31, 2021. Funds are limited, so DHS encourages families to apply as soon as possible.

‘Āina Haina Community Park

PLEASE NOTE: Sites and availability change rapidly, please refer to https://www.oneoahu.org/vaccine for more information.

The Legislature’s proposed plan builds upon UHERO’s estimates that $618 million in spending will generate more than $1 billion in Gross Domestic Product over the coming year and help Hawaiʻi’s households and businesses by supporting up to 6,500 jobs. The plan provides discretion to the Ige Administration to spend the remaining CARES funds to pay for unanticipated and emerging needs. This discretionary amount could be used to bolster Hawaiʻi’s unemployment insurance funds or support COVID-19 related programs.

This software was successfully used for shooters to make reservations at the Koko Head Shooting Complex beginning on Wednesday, June 3, and will serve a larger capacity in DPR registration and reservations in the future.

View Vaccine Registration Directory

To qualify for the program, children must be eligible to enter kindergarten in the 2022-2023 school year (born between Aug. 1, 2016, and July 31, 2017). If awarded a subsidy, families may use any one of the 409 state-licensed preschools. DHS also gives priority to underserved or at-risk children. Preschool Open Doors provides subsidies to eligible families to help pay preschool tuition.

Asing Community Park

Gov. Ige announced that the state will be lifting the 14-day quarantine requirement for inter-island travelers, effective June 16.

The governor is expected to extend the 14-day quarantine for travelers through June 30. This comes as the governor announced that he intends to continue Hawaii’s safer-at-home order through June 30. The Hawaii Tourism Authority, Department of Transportation, and other state agencies are working with the airlines to toughen the entry restrictions, to include revising the visitor arrival form, requiring the flight crew to complete the form, seeking to confirm return flights, increasing the screening staff at airports, stiffening hotel quarantines, enforcing rules on car rentals, and confirming hotel or home stays, among others. The COVID-19 committee met with the Police Chief, representatives from the Courts, and the Prosecutor's Office to coordinate enforcement of the 14-day quarantine. There were general agreements for a maximum bail of $2,000 for quarantine violators. Arraignment would be done virtually within 48-72 hours. Police statistics for Emergency Proclamation violations from March 20 to May 14 included 9,313 warnings, 5,244 citations, and 292 arrests.

Makakilo Community Park

More information will be made available on the Capitol website: www.capitol.hawaii.gov.

Learn More About Kū Makani FREE Mental Health Resources

The number of COVID-19 cases in Hawai‘i has been declining and our current positivity rate is now under 1%. This is an encouraging sign that Hawai‘i is making headway in our battle against the coronavirus. Many sacrifices have been made to get us to where are today, and we can celebrate fewer hospitalizations and healthier communities.

On May 14, the Senate was briefed on the State Administration’s proposal for $1.25 billion appropriated under the federal Coronavirus Aid Relief & Economic Security (CARES) Act. Senate Bill 75 SD2 HD1 passed out of the House Finance Committee and will now head to the full House for a vote next week. Concerns remain regarding how agencies will spend these funds, such as economic support to those most affected during this pandemic.

The six driver licensing centers on O‘ahu reopened May 26 for in-office visits also on an appointment-only basis.

This partnership is an effort to continue the momentum in vaccinating residents and caregivers of small residential care homes throughout the state.

Attendance Limits:

Safety Protocols:

District 1 (Hawaiʻi Kai to McCully) - ph. (808) 768-8944

This voluntary application is free and can be downloaded now from both the Apple and Google Play stores. Once downloaded, the app uses Bluetooth technology to anonymously communicate with other phones that have the application. The devices will “ping” one another, measuring the strength of the Bluetooth signal, distance of each device, and the duration of the contact. The more people who use the app, the safer and healthier we will make our community. If an individual is diagnosed with COVID-19, they will receive a text message from the Department of Health with a verification code to input into the app. This code will anonymously notify other devices about their possible COVID-19 exposure. The notification will not disclose any personally identifying information such as where, how, or when they were exposed. To trigger a notification alert, devices must have been within 6 feet of each other for at least 15 minutes in the past 14 days. If someone receives a notification from AlohaSafe Alert that they may have been exposed to COVID-19, they are recommended to self-quarantine, and get tested. According to the AlohaSafe website:

The order also includes a 15 percent increase in benefits for families of the more than 93,500 Hawai‘i students who qualify for free or reduced-priced school meals and are currently receiving Pandemic Electronic Benefit Transfer (P-EBT) benefits due to COVID-19 related school closures, as well as a directive for food assistance benefits to be updated to reflect the true cost of a healthy diet.

Koko Head District Park

Select Longs Drugs locations are now offering the COVID-19 vaccine to those eligible and by appointment only. Longs Drugs Pharmacy Aiea will be participating in this program, but active stores may change based on vaccine availability. The list of specific stores will be available on CVS.com as stores receive shipments and appointments become available. As of today, February 25, 2021, the Aiea Longs location located at 98-1005 Moanalua Rd #400 Aiea, HI 96701 has appointments available for vaccinations.

Appointments can be made at AlohaQ.org. The system will allow appointments only for those licenses expiring in June. (This includes licenses and state IDs with March expiration dates that were previously granted a 90-day extension under a state emergency order.) Later in the month, open appointment slots will be offered driver licenses and state IDs with July expiration dates. (This would include those with April expiration dates that were similarly extended by emergency order to July.)

2:15 p.m. - Department of Human Resources Development, Mr. Ryker Wada, Director

For more information on the testing run by Kalihi Kai Urgent Care, call (808) 841-2273.

This plan provides stakeholders from the whole community with the operational information needed to prepare their organizations to support the HDOH COVID-19 Vaccination Program. The HDOH COVID-19 Vaccination Core Planning Team recommends that stakeholders develop/update standard operating procedures (SOPs), as well as supporting plans and procedures, and continue outreach efforts throughout Hawaii to prepare the public for the COVID-19 Vaccination Program as vaccines become more widely available.

Mā‘ili Community Park*

Ms. Kathy Kaohu, County Clerk

Office of Elections

Department of Planning and Permitting

No public testimony will be accepted.If you require special assistance, please call 586-6800 or email your request to waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov.

Kailua District Park

Despite a national push to get students back in classrooms full-time, following new safety guidance from the CDC, schools Superintendent Christina Kishimoto said Hawaii public schools are unlikely to return to full in-person learning before next school year.

Waimānalo District Park

Dr. Eugene Tian, Chief State Economist

Paki Community Park

Ms. Rona Suzuki, Director

Mandatory 14-day quarantine for travelers, eviction moratorium also continue

Public Transportation - TheBus and TheHandi-Van: These services are operating with increased sanitary precautions for passenger and driver safety and health. Visit thebus.org or call 848-5555 for up-to-date schedules and information. The TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is open for in-person assessments for those extending or applying for eligibility. Distancing practices must be followed. TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is located at the First Insurance Center, 1100 Ward Avenue, Suite 835. For questions or to schedule an assessment, call (808) 538-0033, Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Who is next in line for vaccinations?

To allow access to the proceedings, the Senate will be providing live streams of all Senate hearings and floor sessions in real time, on YouTube and/or ‘Ōlelo and neighbor island cable networks, with live closed captioning. A list of upcoming and archived Senate hearings is available here: http://olelo.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=13

The Hawaii State Senate recently new operational changes ahead of the 2021 legislative session.

Location: Neal Blaisdell Concert Hall (Registration is across from the parking lot) 777 Ward Avenue, Honolulu

Why Get Vaccinated?

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 23, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 24, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

You are considered “fully vaccinated” two weeks after receiving the complete dose of your vaccine. If you receive the 2-dose Pfizer or Moderna vaccines, then you are “fully vaccinated” two weeks after your second dose. If you receive a single-dose vaccine like Johnson & Johnson’s Janssen vaccine, you will be fully vaccinated two weeks after your shot. If it has been less than two weeks or if you are still waiting for your second dose, you are NOT fully protected. Even after you are fully vaccinated, you should continue to protect yourself and others by following safe practices whenever you are near unvaccinated people outside of your own household. This means continuing to: wear a mask, stay at least 6 feet apart and avoid crowds and poorly ventilated spaces.

Registration opportunities for those 60 and older will soon be available through links posted on HawaiiCOVID19.com/vaccination-registration and from healthcare providers around the state.

On Friday, April 24, Kalihi Kai Urgent Care will be conducting testing at ʻEwa Mahiko District Park in ʻEwa Beach. Testing at 91-1205 Renton Road will run from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.

Ms. Georja Skinner, Chief Officer

The amended bill states (HB117), “Due to the unprecedented economic downturn resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the legislature believes that continued implementation of the commission's recommendations for the executive and judicial branches, and planned adjustments for the legislature, is irresponsible at this time and should be deferred.”

If you have questions about the vaccine, visit https://www.hawaiipacifichealth.org/hph-covid-19-updates/vaccine-update for updates.

Children must be six years old before Aug. 1, 2020 and not older than thirteen years old by July 28, 2020 to qualify. The modified Summer Fun will still utilize Junior Leaders.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on Olelo channel 49 on Oahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels.

12:00 p.m. Department of Health, State Laboratories

Building Permit Applications: Available by appointment only. Self-service permits are available online at honolulu.gov/dpp.

Please note that these operations may have altered hours. Please visit their websites before going to the location for services.

Hawaii State Energy Office

Also extended through the end of May -- the 14-day quarantine for both visitors and residents entering the state and for inter-island travelers.

Waikele Community Park

Vaccinations expand to Hawai‘i residents 60+ on Monday

Click here to read more from KITV4 news.

As part of its 2021 Legislative Program, the Hawaii State Senate will be focusing on ten of the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. The Senate has bipartisan dedication to the protection and sustainability of the islands’ people, communities, natural resources, and economic prosperity through advancing these U.N. goals.

Only Ala Moana Satellite City Hall will temporarily remain closed to in-office visits as it prepares to relocate within the shopping center.

Board of Water Supply: Water service remains operational and the water is safe to drink. Testing is conducted daily. BWS account services are available online at boardofwatersupply.com, by mail, or by phone. In-person services are suspended.

O‘ahu motorists are reminded that a safety check inspection is not required to renew motor vehicle registrations that are expiring in April or May.

Mr. Chris Tatum, CEO

Beware of COVID-19 vaccine scams! All COVID-19 vaccinations are free.

2. After receiving a notice that their item(s) are ready for pick up, patrons can schedule a Library Take Out time at picktime.com/hspls.

To reach a trained Kū Makani counselor, just call the Hawai‘i CARES hotline during these hours:

Adventist Health Castle will begin its second round of vaccinations next Monday, and for that week the concentration will also be pushing out another vaccine to those who received their first.

Kanewai Community Park

Over the past month, new COVID-19 variants have emerged from around the globe: first in the United Kingdom, then South Africa and Brazil. The CDC has warned that the U.K. variant could be the predominant variant in the U.S. sometime this month. As of now, three variants (P.2, B.1.429, and B.1.1.7) are already here in the islands, underscoring the importance of preventative measures. COVID-19 vaccination is an important tool in getting our communities back to normal. The CDC is continuing to investigate the effectiveness of COVID-19 vaccines against the new variants. Scientists also are working to learn about new variants of the virus. More studies are needed to understand how new variants may affect the effectiveness of existing COVID-19 vaccines. So far, studies suggest that antibodies generated through vaccination with currently authorized vaccines recognize these variants. This is being closely investigated and more studies are underway. Some of the new variants of the COVID-19 virus may spread more easily and quickly, which can lead to more cases of COVID-19. So, don’t wait. Plan to get whichever vaccine is available to you. Even after you are vaccinated, continue to follow all of the protective strategies to limit the spread of COVID-19. This includes wearing a mask, physical distancing, washing hands and staying home when you are sick which will also help prevent the spread of new variants. This is the time to stay vigilant! To learn more about the COVID-19 vaccine, visit HawaiiCOVID19.com/vaccine.

1:00 p.m.

TO FILE A CLAIM OR CHECK YOUR STATUS

The proclamation also includes:

Creative Industries Division

The Hawai‘i Department of Transportation has closed safety inspection stations to comply with social distancing recommendations stemming from COVID-19 and extended safety inspection certificates as well as stickers through May 31, 2020.

According to the Hawaii State Department of Health, the vaccine is currently only available to those who qualify under Phase groups 1-A and 1-B:

View Vaccine FAQs

The number of new COVID-19 cases is expected to rise once travel is re-opened. However, the State Department of Health has begun the process of training 500 new contact tracers, exceeding the recommended standards set by the Centers for Disease Control, and is exploring other screening and testing procedures.

Mr. Greg Barbour, Executive Director

Registration:

The reminder comes as 133,928 motor vehicle registrations on O‘ahu are scheduled to be renewed between April and May.

Clinic Hours of Operation: By appointment only.

Kapaolono Community Park

The public is encouraged to participate by submitting written testimony. No in-person testimony will be allowed at this time due to COVID-19. To submit testimony, please visit: https://www.capitol.hawaii.gov/submittestimony.aspx

The proposal also allows the following to resume operations with modifications:

Gov. David Ige approved Mayor Kirk Caldwell’s proposal to safely re-open more businesses and operations on O‘ahu, under guidelines that will ensure the safety of employees and customers.

View Hawaii's Vaccine Timeline and Who's Next in Line

2:00 p.m. Department of Health - Dr. Bruce Anderson, Director

A public-private partnership — that includes the City and County of Honolulu, Aloha United Way, the Council for Native Hawaiian Advancement, Helping Hands Hawaii, and other service providers — will work directly with individuals and families dealing with economic hardship to administer these resources and ensure Oahu residents have the support they need.

Foreign Trade Zone Division

District 4

Waiau District Park

The governor noted that the next step in re-opening air travel will be restoring out-of-state travel to the islands in a safe manner. He has been working on plans to do this said he would announce them soon.

Our COVID-19 numbers are the lowest they have been in months and the City & County of Honolulu has officially moved into Tier 3 as of today, February 25th. For more information on the reopening strategy and the various tiers, please visit: https://www.oneoahu.org/reopening-strategy

Under Phase 1 of the state’s re-opening, the following businesses and operations can re-open starting May 7, 2020 at 12:01 a.m. However, everyone is advised to check the restrictions in place in each county, as they may differ.

Starting next week, those whose last name starts with the letters A through G should file on Mondays.

If you have questions about the vaccine, please call Queen’s COVID-19 Vaccination Line: 808-691-2222 or visit https://covid.queens.org/vaccination for updates.

Department of Health expands mental health assistance in response to the ongoing pandemic

DOH TO PARTNER WITH PHARMACIES STATEWIDE TO PROVIDE COVID-19 VACCINE

“I would expect that we stay pretty close to what our expectations are. If you’ve received a first dose, you’re pretty guaranteed that we will have a second dose,” said Erik Anderson, chief nursing officer at Adventist Health Castle. “So we might not have first doses available next week. That would probably be more up there than not having a second dose.”

Kaimuki Community Park

Summer Fun Sites 2020:

Many families become overwhelmed with questions and concerns about caregiving while often struggling to navigate insurance, time away from work and finances while in quarantine or isolation. For those who live in multigenerational homes, everyone is impacted.

Veterans Affairs

The proposal also includes the re-opening of outdoor attractions with limitations, starting Thursday, May 28. This includes:

Pililā‘au Community Park

Although buildings remain closed to the public for now, the Library Take Out is a convenient and safe way to access library books and materials.

No pubic testimony will be accepted.

In addition to standard school health and safety protocols, commencement events will need to follow other rules.

.

1:15 p.m. Department of Health

Wilson Community Park

According to Dr. Melinda Ashton, the chief quality officer with Hawaii Pacific Health, the hospital is trying to administer second doses as efficiently as possible.

The times to file are Monday through Friday from 6:30 a.m. to 11 p.m.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be livestreamed via http://olelo.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=13.

Phase 1-A: Began in mid-December and is expected to be completed this month, focuses on health care workers and long-term care facility residents.

12:15 p.m. - Hawaii Agriculture Foundation, Ms. Denise Yamaguchi, Executive Director

The Hawaii State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 will hold a hearing today at noon live on ‘Olelo 49.

“This is another major step forward in the implementation of our state’s vaccination plan,” said Dr. Libby Char, director, Hawai‘i Department of Health. “With residents and staff of larger long-term care facilities such as assisted living communities now in progress, we’re now turning our attention to residential care homes and community care foster family homes.”

Got Questions About The COVID-19 Vaccines

 <tag> li




Goal #4 - Quality education: To ensure inclusive and equitable quality education, and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all by increasing access to broadband technology for all students, modernizing schools, carefully implementing plans for in-person and distance learning, and evaluating the teaching workloads and classifications of the University of Hawaii.

Staff and keiki will be provided hand sanitizer.

2nd dose appointments will be scheduled for you at your 1st dose appointment.

Water parks

Indoor attractions (theaters, museums, arcades, bowling alleys, etc.),

All Senate standing committee hearings will be live streamed on YouTube. This is a significant improvement in public access over previous years when only selected hearings were broadcast on cable television and streamed over the internet. In addition to the live streams, the Senate will continue to work with public access television providers on all islands to broadcast Senate committee hearings and floor sessions. All live streams will be available online and on demand at youtube.com/hawaiisenate.

Teachers, childcare and educational support staff (childcare, early education, K-12, post-secondary)

Public and private golf courses within the City operating in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the Professional Golfers’ Association’s “Procedures for Reintroduction to the Game and Business of Golf” as may be updated/amended.

Services provided on a one-one-one bases. Businesses that provide services such as private tutoring, certain music instrument lessons, etc., on a one-on-one basis, that comply with social distancing requirements;

Game rooms

Criminal liability for hosts of guests who violate quarantine requirements or owners of cars that are rented to quarantine violators.

80% of all smartphone users (i.e. 56% of the overall population) would be enough to suppress the pandemic on its own without any other form of intervention.

Entertainment areas

Persons ages 16-64 years with high-risk medical conditions: Individuals of all authorized vaccine eligible ages with underlying conditions that increase the risk for severe COVID-19 (30% of population)

U.S. Postal Service employees

Designated spaces will be made for each group, with activities conducted on a rotating basis.

Department of Parks and Recreation: City parks, courts, fields and parking lots are open. City skate parks and off-leash dog parks will reopen on Friday, May 29. The Koko Head Shooting Complex, city archery ranges, People’s Open Markets, and pools (lap swim only) are scheduled to reopen on Friday, June 5. The five Honolulu Botanical Gardens are open for passive use. This means no camping, garden tours, or recreational programs will be offered at that time. Other park facilities remain closed to the public, such as: playgrounds, campgrounds, gyms, and recreation buildings. Please be advised that lifeguards are not stationed in their regular towers but are instead on roving patrols. Stand-alone comfort stations are open but they will be closed during cleaning, maintenance, and regular park closure hours. For more information, please visit honolulu.gov/parks.

Healthcare Workers and First Responders

Essential workers not recommended for vaccination in Phase 1b: Essential workers that were not included in Phase 1b (7% of population)

Agriculture (non-food), such as landscape, ornamental plant growers, and nurseries

Social Distancing Requirements (as defined in the Order) are adhered to at all times.

Click on the button “For New Claims, Please Complete This Form.” DO NOT click on “Claimant Services” which connects to the old server system. This is where people are experiencing issues logging in and attempting to file a claim.

PARTICIPANTS MUST BE IN A VEHICLE TO RECEIVE ASSISTANCE. Walk-ups or bicyclists will not be permitted.

Frontline essential workers: Includes first responders, and frontline essential workers, defined as workers whose duties must be performed on-site and require being in close proximity (<6 feet) to the public or coworkers, and are essential to the functioning of society (11% of population)

Participants assume the risk that food supplies may run out before they can be served.

Combined with other measures, if 15% of our community uses AlohaSafe Alert, we can reduce infections by 8% and deaths by 6%.

One adult, 18 years of age or older, may accompany kupuna who have an appointment.

The Senate will be using Zoom as its online meeting platform.

Car Washes

Goal #11 - Sustainable cities and communities: To continue the commitment to develop inclusive, safe, resilient, and sustainable neighborhoods by increasing access to affordable housing; reducing homelessness, increasing local food production to promote food security; investing in Farm-to-State programs; ending the housing shortage; investing in local talent; training local workers in technical jobs; and maintaining local infrastructure such as state parks, airfields, and small boat harbors.

Utilities workers

No one will be permitted to exit their vehicles during the distribution.

Larger schools that may experience difficulties in hosting a safe, in-person ceremony are encouraged to consider alternative options such as a blend of in-person and virtual ceremonies, staggered drive-through ceremonies or drive-in formats.

Committee Chairs will have the option to conduct hearings 100% remotely or offer their members a hybrid set-up with some Senators participating from Senate conference rooms and some joining the hearing remotely.

H.R.6201 – Families First Coronavirus Response Act.

Goal #9 - Industry Innovation and Infrastructure: To build resilient infrastructure., promote inclusive and sustainable industrialization, and foster innovation, by investing in and preventing the exodus of local talent; diversifying the economy; assuring the digital accessibility to all communities; and promoting a creative resurgence in the culture and arts.

Anyone with unexplained respiratory illness since January 2020 who were never tested for COVID-19

A household is defined by an address and everyone who lives at that address. i.e. Multiple families and/or generations living under one roof will be counted as one (1) household.

Emergency service workers

Written testimony and videoconference testimony registration will be accepted through the Legislature’s website. No in-person testimony will be allowed.

Adults aged 65-74 years (10% of population)

June 5: Business/commercial businesses (in addition to restaurants), indoor residential, non-commercial gatherings of 10 or less (regardless of household)

Museums

Mar. 16: Supplementary proclamation suspending certain laws to enable state and county responses to COVID-19

To check on the status of your claim 24/7, click on “Check Your Claim Status.”

Education and care facilities (private education, adult care, special needs care facilities),

First responders, including police officers, firefighters, etc.

Fitness facilities (spaces for yoga, barre classes, hula hālau, etc.),

Other beauty operators

Those essential for federal, state, and local government operations

Visit https://huiclaims.hawaii.gov/#/

Complete the Registration and Scheduling process using the link: https://mychart.hawaiipacifichealth.org/signup

Critical transportation infrastructure workers (harbor and dock workers, public transportation, etc.)

There is currently no co-pay associated with the COVID-19 vaccine.

Parking for the vaccine clinic is available at three locations: Pier 2, Waterfront Plaza and Aloha Tower Market Place.

Shooting and Archery Ranges

All keiki and staff are required to wear a cloth face mask, with consideration to existing exemptions such as a medical condition which prohibits use of a face covering.

The extension of the eviction moratorium through July 31.

Public transportation workers

Emergency services dispatchers

Goal #10 - Reduced inequalities: To promote social, economic, and political growth for all by supporting affordable housing and investing in broadband connectivity in underserved areas.

Certain real estate services. All real property sales and management activities must be accomplished by remote/electronic means whenever possible. Restrictions and permitted real estate services are outlined in Emergency Order No. 2020-09;

Tattoo artists

Retail & Repair Services, such as apparel, florists, watch & surfboard repair (Note: retail does not re-open in City & County of Honolulu until May 15, and retail & most repair will not re-open in Maui county.)

Complete the Registration and Scheduling process using the link: kp.org/register.

Auto Dealerships

Long-term care facility residents: Adults who reside in facilities that provide a range of services, including medical and personal care, to persons who are unable to to live independently (1% of population)

The City’s “COVID-19 Guidance for Business” is followed to the greatest extent possible.

$14 million to the DOH for contact tracing/testing, vaccination and contract tracing staff, investigation and infection control, PPE and supplies;

Apr. 16: Fifth supplementary proclamation implementing enhanced social distancing requirements and an eviction moratorium

All keiki and staff will have their temperature taken at the beginning of each day.

People’s Open Markets

Goal #3 - Good health and well-being: Promoting health and well-being by implementing evidence-based strategies to combat the COVID-19 pandemic, improving access to quality health care, supporting family caregivers, and improving local resiliency in health care by training medical professionals.

Teachers, child care workers and education support staff

Corrections officers and staff

If you are not part of the vaccination group above, please do not schedule a vaccine appointment here.

$36 million for thermal screening at the airports;

Pet Grooming Services

Public Transportation - TheBus and TheHandi-Van: These services are operating with increased sanitary precautions for passenger and driver safety and health. Visit thebus.org or call 848-5555 for up-to-date schedules and information. The TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is open for in-person assessments for those extending or applying for eligibility. Distancing practices must be followed. TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is located at the First Insurance Center, 1100 Ward Avenue, Suite 835. For questions or to schedule an assessment, call (808) 538-0033, Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Keiki participants will be within the same group for the entire program.

DPR is still hiring for those interested in working as Summer Fun Aides. Please click here if you are interested in fun, seasonal work opportunity, or call the District Office of the location where you would like to work (listed below)

Childcare services, licensed or authorized under the law

Graduates will be allowed to bring a maximum of two members from their household. No additional guests will be allowed. Schools also have the authority to reduce this number based on venue restrictions and ceremony formats.

Mobile service providers. Businesses that provide service on a mobile bases in which no human interaction between the service provider and the customer, including, but not limited to, mobile pet grooming and car washing/detailing businesses;

Corrections officers

Movie theatres

The Household Information Form can be downloaded below: A separate form must be filled out for each household represented in the vehicle.

Mar. 23: Third supplementary proclamation mandating social distancing measures throughout the state

June 19: Indoor operations such as:

Performers who sing or play wind instruments must keep a distance of at least 10 feet from other people.

Occupancy is limited at all times to no more than one (1) person per 200 square feet of the gross operation area (which equates to approximately 50 percent of the maximum occupancy load).

Complete the Registration and Scheduling process using the link, the button to schedule will be at the bottom of the page: https://covid.queens.org/vaccination/

Reducing the number of recess days from thirteen to nine.

If you are already a Hawaii Pacific Health patient and have a MyChart account, you will receive a notification through MyChart to schedule an appointment.

Food will be placed directly into the vehicle at each food distribution station.

Goal #13 - Climate action: To take urgent action to combat climate change by promoting sustainable tourism, exploring carbon sequestration, and investing in renewable energy.

Driver’s licensing and Satellite City Halls: All six of the driver licensing centers in the City and County of Honolulu are open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. The online appointment system for appoints for driver licenses and state identification services can be accessed at alohaq.org. The system has been revised to serve the greatest needs first. For assistance with making an appointment, call: (808) 768-4177. Masks or face coverings are required during all in-office visits. For more information, visit honolulu.gov.csd. The Kapahulu Vehicle Reconstruction Inspection Station in the City and County of Honolulu is open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. For assistance, call: (808) 768-4325.

Building Permit Applications: Available by appointment only. Self-service permits are available online at honolulu.gov/dpp.

All persons aged 16 years or older not previously recommended for vaccination: All other persons residing in Hawaii aged 16 years or older not already recommended for vaccination in Phases 1a, 1b, or 1c (27% of population)

Goal #16 - Peace, justice, and strong institutions: To promote peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable development; provide access to justice for all; and build effective, accountable, and inclusive institutions at all levels by examining government agencies that could be restructured and evaluating leadership and inmate training programs in correctional facilities in Hawaii.

You can also schedule an appointment by calling: (808) 691-2222.

COVID-19 Infoline: (808) 691-2619, Mon – Fri, 8 am – 8 pm, Sat – Sun, 8 am – 1 pm

A vehicle may pick up food for a MAXIMUM OF THREE (3) HOUSEHOLDS.

Shortening conference by one-week.

$637 million to be deposited into the state's rainy day fund to be allocated in subsequent sessions.

Performers who sing or play wind instruments need not wear face coverings, but a physical barrier is required between performers and patrons/staff for indoor restaurants/bars.

To preserve the vaccine supply for the designated priority group, we will only be vaccinating residents 75 years of age and older at this time.

Neighborhood Board Commission: Neighborhood boards will resume public meetings beginning June 1. Physical distancing requirements are followed. For meeting information, please contact the NCO at 768-3710, email nco@honolulu.gov, or visit the office’s website at honolulu.gov/nco.

Adults 75 years of age and older (9% of population)

The special parking rate for Waterfront Plaza and Aloha Tower Market Place locations is $2 for 2 hours with documentation of your vaccine clinic visit.

Board of Water Supply: Water service remains operational and the water is safe to drink. Testing is conducted daily. BWS account services are available online at boardofwatersupply.com, by mail, or by phone. In-person services are suspended.

Only 12 keiki will be allowed per adult supervisor, which will constitute one group.

Downloading the Household Information Form and pre-filling it out does not guarantee you will receive food at the distribution – in the event that food supplies run out before your vehicle is served.

The elimination of prohibitions related to beaches, boating, hiking and shoreline fishing, as these activities are being addressed through the counties in coordination with the state Department of Land and Natural Resources.

AN ADULT FROM EACH HOUSEHOLD MUST BE PRESENT WITH A VALID GOVERNMENT-ISSUED ID.

The ceremony must be held outdoors or in a venue with adequate ventilation. Third-party venues are allowed.

Mar. 31: Fourth supplementary proclamation implementing a mandatory 14-day self-quarantine for people traveling between the islands in the State of Hawai‘i

Food-court dining areas (except for delivery or carry out)

Staff or keiki will not be allowed to participate in the program if they are sick, have been in contact with someone diagnosed with COVID-19, or have traveled out-of-state within the past 14 days.

Teachers and childcare and educational support staff (childcare, early education, K‐12, post‐secondary)

Common areas (except to access and depart from a retail or repair service business)

U.S. Postal Service workers.

Goal #7 - Affordable and clean energy: To ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable, and modern energy for all by promoting renewable energy and committing to reduce our reliance on fossil fuels.

Pools

Indoor facilities being used by for Summer Fun will remain closed to the public throughout the program. Outdoor facilities being used for Summer Fun will be off-limits to the public during the specific program times, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m., but will be reopened for general public use outside of that timeframe.

Arcades

Within shopping malls, the following must remain closed:

Maintenance staff will clean bathroom facilities twice daily.

$8 million to DLIR for IT Modernization, UI Program Enhancements, and facility and staff support;

Play areas

Individuals essential for federal, state and local government operations.

COVID-19 Vaccination Line: (808) 691-2222, Mon – Fri, 7:30 am – 5 pm

Nail technicians

Barbers

Campgrounds

If you are unable to download the Household Information Form, there will be printed forms available at the distribution. Please bring a pen.

The distribution organizers reserve the right to refuse service to individuals who do not comply with the rules established for this food distribution.

Critical utilities (energy, water, etc.)

Shopping Malls – limited to retail and repair services (Note: shopping malls are not reopening in Maui county.)

Goal #8 - Decent work and economic growth: To promote robust, inclusive, and sustainable economic growth, opportunity for full and productive employment, and work for all, by improving Hawaii’s economic resilience; aiding small businesses devastated by the coronavirus pandemic; diversifying industry; managing sustainable tourism; investing in access to broadband technology; and pivoting the State economy towards agriculture.

Mar. 21: Second supplementary proclamation implementing mandatory 14-day self-quarantine for visitors and residents entering the State of Hawai‘i

Previous COVID-19 positive individuals and their families and close contacts

Front line tourism industry workers with direct exposure to visitors

H.R.748 – CARES Act.

Observatories & Support Facilities

$40 million for AG enforcement, PPE, payroll, and other department requests;

New and used car and truck dealerships – sales and leasing activities (with restrictions);

Department of Environmental Services: Regular curbside refuse, green waste, and recycling service is still being conducted. Convenience centers and transfer stations remain open. Please note, all in-person services are suspended. Visit opala.org for more information.

Hairdressers

Fitness centers

$1 million for the PUA program (UI for independent contractors & GIG workers);

Goal #17 - Partnership for the goals: To continue to implement the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals by creating effective public, private, and civil society partnerships by building on existing partnerships; enhancing a coherent policy for sustainable development; and improving the resiliency of the economy and healthcare systems in Hawaii.

H.R.266 - Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act.

Testifiers will be given the option to submit remote virtual testimony once written testimony is submitted. Individuals must register no later than 24 hours prior to the committee hearing in order to be added to the remote virtual testimony list.

Pier 2 parking is free but is limited and preferred for persons with restricted mobility.

Use your legal name and information as shown on a state-issued ID.

First responders

Sea life attractions

Bars.

Automated service providers. Service providers that do not require human interaction between the service provider and the customer, including for example, fully automated car washes;

You will be receiving the Moderna COVID-19 vaccine. We will schedule you to come back to this clinic 28 days later for your 2nd dose.

H.R.6074 – Coronavirus Preparedness and Response Supplemental Appropriations Act.

The 10-foot distance requirement does not apply to members of the same performing group.

Health care personnel: Includes paid and unpaid personnel serving in health care settings who have the potential for direct or indirect exposure to patients or infectious materials (5% of population)

Similar outdoor facilities

Outdoor organized team sports (two phases, with phase 1 beginning June 19),

 <tag> span




Ala Pu‘umalu Community Park

Due to the pandemic, the State Capitol building remains closed to the public at this time.

Legislative Timetable:

Hau‘ula Community Park

THURSDAY, MARCH 25, 2021 10:00 AM

Chaminade University -

DO NOT

Mr. Dennis Ling, Administrator

Healthcare Workers and First Responders

The Hawai‘i State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 sent letters to Hawai‘i Supreme Court Chief Justice Mark Recktenwald and Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell expressing concerns about the enforcement of the travel quarantine orders put into effect by Governor David Ige.

WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 2020 9:05 AM

Click on the button “For New Claims, Please Complete This Form.” DO NOT click on “Claimant Services” which connects to the old server system. This is where people are experiencing issues logging in and attempting to file a claim.

Senate President Ronald D. Kouchi, State House Speaker Scott K. Saiki, Senator Donovan M. Dela Cruz, and Representative Sylvia Luke announced the Legislature’s comprehensive plan to use $635 million in federal CARES Act funds to provide ongoing, immediate relief to residents and small businesses who are suffering from the devastating economic shutdown caused by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. The plan aims to support and reinforce the social safety net for our residents, rebuild and move our economy forward, and address the ongoing pandemic.

Finally, Wednesdays are for P through Z.

TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 2020 8:51 AM

Sunset Beach Recreation Center

PARTICIPANTS MUST BE IN A VEHICLE TO RECEIVE ASSISTANCE. Walk-ups or bicyclists will not be permitted.

Hawaiian Electric has suspended service disconnections for nonpayment through June 30 to ensure customers’ electricity needs are met as stay-at-home orders are extended due to the coronavirus pandemic.

waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov

The Senate floor session will convene at 11:30 a.m. on Monday, June 22, with hearings getting underway that morning. The session is scheduled to adjourn on Friday, July 10. The new legislative timetable is available here:

Car Washes

Accommodations are available upon request to persons with disabilities. Please call (808) 768-3003 or send an email to parks@honolulu.gov at least five days prior to the event.

Research & Economic Analysis

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be streamed live online at olelo.org/49.

No one will be permitted to exit their vehicles during the distribution.

I EXPECTED TO BENEFIT FROM EMERGENCY FOOD STAMPS, PANDEMIC SCHOOL MEAL PROGRAM

Anyone with unexplained respiratory illness since January 2020 who were never tested for COVID-19

The City opened online appointments for residents whose Hawai‘i driver licenses or state identification cards expire this year in March, April, May, June and July. This is after the state announced its intent to allow licenses and identification cards that expire between March 16 and June 30 to remain valid through Sept. 30.

A household is defined by an address and everyone who lives at that address. i.e. Multiple families and/or generations living under one roof will be counted as one (1) household.

Oahu beaches opened over the weekend, May 16, for activities based on approved guidelines issued by the City and County of Honolulu. In addition to those activities already allowed (e.g., ocean access and exercise), beaches or sand bars within the City may also be utilized with the following restrictions: a. All groups are limited to members of the same household or living unit. b. No group can exceed ten persons. c. All persons using the beach, who are not part of members of the same household or living unit, shall comply with Social Distancing Requirements, provided that a caregiver may accompany a dependent. d. The beach or sand area may only be used one-half hour before sunrise to one-half hour after sunset, unless the person is engaged in shore fishing or permitted outdoor exercise. e. All other State of Hawaiʻi or City restrictions related to COVID-19 must be followed, including, but not limited to, any applicable quarantine restrictions. If you have any questions on Mayor Caldwell’s Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order 2.0, as amended, visit the website, oneoahu.org to find answers to some frequently asked questions. If you still do not find an answer to your question on the site, O‘ahu residents can call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov. The City and County of Honolulu COVID-19 information call center remains open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on holidays.

June 5: Business/commercial businesses (in addition to restaurants), indoor residential, non-commercial gatherings of 10 or less (regardless of household)

Kahalu‘u Community Park

Visit https://huiclaims.hawaii.gov/#/

Procedures for written and road driving-test applications are being reviewed and will be announced at a later time.

Kāne‘ohe Community & Senior Center

The Hawaii State Public Library System announced its statewide launch of Library Take Out at 47 of our 51 public libraries. Starting Tuesday, May 26th, library patrons may now schedule a Library Take Out appointment time to pick up their hold item(s) at their favorite library.

The modified Summer Fun Program will be offered on weekdays, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. from Wednesday July, 1 through Tuesday, July 28 (excluding the holiday on Friday, July 3).

Shooting and Archery Ranges

All keiki and staff are required to wear a cloth face mask, with consideration to existing exemptions such as a medical condition which prohibits use of a face covering.

Pacific Palisades Community Park

Click here to view more information, including school sites and pick-up times.

THOUSANDS IN HAWAI

All keiki and staff will have their temperature taken at the beginning of each day.

The letter to Mayor Caldwell lists the actions taken by the Hawai‘i Department of Transportation to screen and verify passenger information and require compliance with the state’s quarantine orders, but says that the public is consistently reporting “travelers blatantly violating” the quarantine.

Participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations.

Aloha Trace -

$36 million for thermal screening at the airports;

Temperature checks will continue at airports across the state. Anyone with a temperature higher than 100.4 degrees or who is experiencing other symptoms will be required to undergo a secondary screening at the airport with trained healthcare staff.

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 2021 3:25 PM

District 3

AGENDA

Hō‘ae‘ae Community Park

Retail establishments should meet the following guidelines:

Letter to Chief Justice Recktenwald

Testing for regular PCR (nose swab) will be conducted as it has been done previously. If one desires this testing, the attending doctor will determine who should be tested. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head here. Testing will be offered without charge for those without insurance.

Walk-in-and-wait transactions will not be offered. The public can continue to do express payment services, such as water bill payments and annual vehicle registration renewals, via online, mail-in or by 24/7 kiosk options.

This would free up appointment slots for transactions that can more efficiently be completed in-person, such as applying for a disability-parking permit, junking a vehicle or performing complicated motor vehicle transactions related to a lost title or difficult registrations.

Kāne‘ohe District Park

MONDAY, MAY 18, 2020 10:04 AM

The special committee will convene to assess and advise the Senate regarding the State of Hawaii's COVID-19 plans and procedures for reopening the economy and the plans for economic recovery.

Kalākaua District Park

A vehicle may pick up food for a MAXIMUM OF THREE (3) HOUSEHOLDS.

Ms. Angela Keen

TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 2020 2:21 PM

Performers who sing or play wind instruments need not wear face coverings, but a physical barrier is required between performers and patrons/staff for indoor restaurants/bars.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 2021 8:58 AM

12:30 p.m. Airlines for America

. Testing will be offered without charge for those without insurance.

THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2020 1:26 PM

The committee will be meeting with the following to discuss enforcement of the 14-day quarantine and stay-at-home orders:

Only 12 keiki will be allowed per adult supervisor, which will constitute one group.

MONDAY, MAY 11, 2020 10:34 AM

Certain designated businesses and operations in the City and County of Honolulu will be allowed to re-open on May 15, by following specific guidelines as detailed Emergency Order No. 2020-10. The Amended and Restated Stay at Home/Work from Home Order, now under the new name “Ho‘oulu i Honolulu” or “Restore Honolulu” Order, incorporates all prior Emergency Orders, including the wearing of non-medical grade face coverings, social distancing requirements, and the limited opening of City parks.

Downloading the Household Information Form and pre-filling it out does not guarantee you will receive food at the distribution – in the event that food supplies run out before your vehicle is served.

The Special Committee on COVID-19 will meet tomorrow with the following:

Pālolo Valley District Park

MONDAY, MAY 18, 2020 10:07 AM

GDP History, Outlook, and Potential Sector Growth:

If you miss your day, don’t worry, Thursdays through Sundays are open.

The proposal also includes the re-opening of outdoor attractions

DPR is privileged to participate in the Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) in conjunction with Summer Fun.

Common areas (except to access and depart from a retail or repair service business)

For the other eight satellite city halls on O‘ahu, precautions are in place to ensure the safety of customers and employees, who will be required to wear facial coverings and remain six-feet apart from others during all in-office transactions.

Indoor facilities being used by for Summer Fun will remain closed to the public throughout the program. Outdoor facilities being used for Summer Fun will be off-limits to the public during the specific program times, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m., but will be reopened for general public use outside of that timeframe.

Department of Transportation

r. John Y. Gotanda, President

Ala Wai Community Park

within the City operating in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the Professional Golfers’ Association’s “Procedures for Reintroduction to the Game and Business of Golf” as may be updated/amended.

TUESDAY, AUGUST 18, 2020 1:44 PM

THURSDAY, MAY 7, 2020 9:57 AM

Goal #8 - Decent work and economic growth

Kamehameha Community Park

Dr. Mary G. Boland, Dean

‘Ewa Mahiko District Park

The City and County of Honolulu is pleased to announce it is supporting more drive-thru COVID-19 testing this week.

. Businesses that provide service on a mobile bases in which no human interaction between the service provider and the customer, including, but not limited to, mobile pet grooming and car washing/detailing businesses;

Barbers

Campgrounds

The City and County of Honolulu announced that it has reopened its online appointment system for driver license and state identification card services.

Below are those online registration dates and procedures which are determined by geographic park district. All dates and times are Hawai‘i Standard Time:

If you are unable to download the Household Information Form, there will be printed forms available at the distribution. Please bring a pen.

Customers should NOT worry about their power being shut off due to nonpayment through the end of June, and any threat of immediate disconnection unless payment is made received before June 30 should be treated as a scam. Customers experiencing financial hardship because of the pandemic are urged to contact Hawaiian Electric to discuss payment arrangements and options.

Ms. Alexandra Slous, State Disaster Recovery Coordinator

Addressing the public health needs of the COVID-19 pandemic is another pillar to the comprehensive funding plan. “The Legislature’s plan devotes $100 million to distribute ample sanitation and PPE supplies for essential workers beyond the health care community including child care facilities, elderly care homes, small businesses, schools, and non-profits that work with populations vulnerable to the coronavirus,” said Senate President Ronald Kouchi.

Testing will be made available to those without insurance as well. For more information on this testing, please call Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Front line tourism industry workers with direct exposure to visitors

The Senate's primary budgetary focus will be on deploying the existing federal CARES Act money,” said Senate President Kouchi.

Dr. Bruce Anderson, Director

Hairdressers

Satellite city halls across O‘ahu will start reopening July 1 for regular in-office service on an appointment-only basis.

Those whose last name starts with H through O should file on Tuesdays.

1:30 p.m.

Tomorrow, May 8, Kalihi Kai Urgent Care will conduct testing at ʻEwa Beach Community Park. Testing will be from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.

‘Aiea District Park

Sea life attractions

Antibody testing determines whether a patient was exposed to COVID-19 and now has antibodies against the virus; it is not used to determine whether someone currently has the disease. The test also does not tell you whether or not you may be susceptible to getting COVID-19 again. Patients should discuss results with their healthcare provider to understand what the results mean for them.

Mākaha Community Park

The Hawai‘i State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 will hold a meeting beginning at 1 p.m. today, live on ‘Ōlelo channel 49 on O‘ahu and http://olelo.org/49. The State Capitol remains closed to the public.

The 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation, EXHIBIT G, lists the businesses/operations designated for re-opening, and outlines specific safety guidelines for each. It also includes county-specific requirements. For example, retail businesses on Oʻahu may not open until May 15, 2020, and Maui County will not allow retail, most repair shops and malls to reopen at this time.

The special committee will be meeting with the following:

FRIDAY, JANUARY 22, 2021 1:11 PM

Wahiawā District Park

Gov. Ige has approved Mayor Kirk Caldwell’s proposal to allow singing and/or playing of wind instruments at indoor and outdoor restaurants/bars, with some restrictions.

In order to balance the childcare needs of our island community with the safety guidelines established due to COVID-19, there will be significant changes to the number of keiki that our facilities and staff can accommodate, the activities offered, and overall program procedures:

THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 2020 9:43 AM

Over 34,000 households are expected to receive help from the plan’s $100 million funded rental and housing assistance subsidies. The State’s most financially vulnerable households will receive rental assistance in the form of a $500 monthly subsidy or 50% of rent, whichever is lesser, for up to five months from August 1 to December 31.

WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 2020 4:54 PM

The public is reminded that the parking lot at the Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be closed to the public until 3 p.m. to allow for breakdown of testing tents and clearing of cones and barriers. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Crestview Community Park

Wai‘anae District Park

Kaiser Permanente

Waialua District Park

Criminal liability for hosts of guests who violate quarantine requirements or owners of cars that are rented to quarantine violators.

The emergency proclamation lifts the quarantine requirement for inter-island travelers effective 12:01 a.m. on June 16, 2020. However, it also leaves in place the quarantine requirement for out-of-state travelers. The governor has the authority to make exemptions for transit corridors/bubbles.

with modifications

The State Capitol building will remain closed to the public at least through June 30, 2020. Entry into the building will continue to be limited through the main double glass doors on the basement level from 7:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., and the National Guard will continue temperature screening everyone entering the building. Entry will be limited to employees and authorized guests. For more details, please read the memo dated May 22, 2020, from the Comptroller: Revised - Capitol Security Access Procedures

If you require special assistance, please call 586-6800 or email your request to

The Hawai‘i State Senate Committee on Ways and Means today deferred pay raises for legislators and state officials this year that had been recommended by the Salary Commission prior to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Social Distancing Requirements (as defined in the Order) are adhered to at all times.

Mānana Community Park

1. Patrons go to HSPLS Library Catalog and place a hold on any item(s) they want to borrow, or they may call their favorite library branch to place a hold with our staff.

Participants assume the risk that food supplies may run out before they can be served.

Mr. Alan Oshima, Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery and

This year registration will be conducted primarily online thanks to new software developed by the Honolulu Department of Information Technology. The software is called Parks and Recreation Online System, or PROS, and works best using the Google Chrome web browser.

District 3 (Pearlridge to Waiʻanae to Wahiawā) - ph. (808) 768-6889

Online Registration begins Saturday, June 20 at 9 a.m.

All in-office transactions will be served on an appointment-only basis. Masks or face coverings are required during in-office visits.

12:00 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov.

Moanalua Community Park

Ms. Susan Ballard, Chief of Police

Members of the Hawaii Executive Collaborative will present on a tourism recovery plan to create a task force to establish a travel bubble corridor. The corridor is for travel by two regions, both of which contained the virus, and who agree to a quarantine-free travel zone.

The state Department of Transportation will require thermal screening at the airport for everyone traveling inter-island. HDOT will also require travelers to fill out a new form that will now also ask for health-related information to assist the state in tracking and responding to new COVID-19 cases.

. Service providers that do not require human interaction between the service provider and the customer, including for example, fully automated car washes;

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 2021 9:08 AM

Ms. Clare Connors, Attorney General

CVS/Longs Drugs

FRIDAY, MAY 29, 2020 12:34 PM

MONDAY, MAY 18, 2020 10:20 AM

FRIDAY, APRIL 16, 2021 12:00 PM

To check on the status of your claim 24/7, click on “Check Your Claim Status.”

This software utilizes the same HNL.Info log-in that many O‘ahu residents already possess. We encourage the public to create an HNL.Info account and a PROS profile ahead of registration by visiting: https://pros.hnl.info.

The amended bill notes that in expectation of an economic downturn due to COVID-19, “the State Council on Revenues lowered its fiscal year 2021 forecast from four per cent to zero per cent, meaning that the State will have about $225,000,000 less in revenues than expected.”

Goal #13 - Climate action

3:30 p.m. Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

Test participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Although buildings remain closed to the public for now, the

Goal #9 - Industry Innovation and Infrastructure

The plan sets aside $230 million to support unemployed residents until the end of the year. “These critical funds will provide a new state unemployment insurance weekly benefit that replaces the weekly federal plus-up payments set to expire July 31,” explained Senator Dela Cruz, Chair of the Senate Ways and Means Committee. “Beginning August 1, an estimated 117,000 unemployed individuals will receive the State’s enhanced weekly unemployment benefit of $100.”

The extension of the eviction moratorium through July 31.

THURSDAY, MAY 7, 2020 9:53 AM

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 2021 12:00 PM

THURSDAY, MARCH 25, 2021 4:00 PM

FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 2020 9:54 AM

PRESCHOOL OPEN DOORS PROGRAM ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS

Tattoo artists

Mānoa Valley District Park

District 2

Food Service Program:

People’s Open Markets

Please note that there may be committee members or invited speakers participating remotely via video or teleconference.

4. Anyone with unexplained respiratory illness since January 2020 who were never tested for COVID-19

Whitmore Community Park

The Hawaii State Legislature will reconvene next Monday, May 11th. This reconvened session is expected to be about 6-10 days to address state budget issues and for the Senate to take up confirmation hearings for various state boards and commissions. The Ways and Means and Finance Committees will need to consider an estimated $1 billion in budget cuts from the $8 billion general fund budget, while minimizing cuts to social services or pay cuts or furloughs. All meetings and hearings will be broadcast live on Olelo; however, the public will not be able to attend, and written testimony will be excepted via submission.

Antibody Testing will be through actual blood draw. Licensed practitioners will be on site to conduct this test, and the samples are sent to local labs for analysis and reporting. The testing will be free if covered by the patient’s insurance, but a charge of $40 will be made to each patient without insurance by local labs who will bill the patients. Those only taking part in the Antibody Testing will not need to self-quarantine. The following categories of individuals are encouraged to be tested by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi:

The bill defers all salary increases slated for this fiscal year for members of the legislature, the governor, lieutenant governor, justices and judges of all state courts, administrative director of the State or an equivalent position, and department heads or executive officers and the deputies or assistants to the department heads or executive officers of the departments.

Kauluwela Community Park

Mr. Ross Higashi, Deputy Director

Gov. Ige signed a 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation that authorizes the first group of businesses to re-open since the COVID-19 pandemic forced the temporary closure of non-essential businesses across the state on Mar. 25.

TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 2020 1:26 PM

2. Healthcare Workers and First Responders

The Hawai‘i State Senate is scheduled to resume its 2020 session June 22 to July 10. Committees will be considering a limited number of critical bills that were put on hold when the Senate was forced to recess in mid-March due to COVID-19. The Senate will also be allocating additional federal funding from the CARES Act.

Kahala Community Park

Testing for regular PCR (nose swab) will be conducted as it has been done previously. If one desires this testing, the attending doctor will determine who should be tested. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 2021 4:00 PM

The Legislature is currently in recess, pursuant to S.C.R. No. 244.

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 2021 10:00 AM

Ms. Jade Fountain-Tanigawa, County Clerk

Food will be placed directly into the vehicle at each food distribution station.

Gov. David Ige signed a ninth supplementary emergency proclamation that extends the COVID-19 emergency period through July 31.

Letter to Mayor Caldwell

The City and County of Honolulu COVID-19 information call center remains open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on holidays. O‘ahu residents are encouraged to visit the website, oneoahu.org to get answers to frequently asked questions about Mayor Caldwell’s “Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order”. If they do not find an answer to their questions on the site, residents can call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov.

Driver’s licensing and Satellite City Halls: All six of the driver licensing centers in the City and County of Honolulu are open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. The online appointment system for appoints for driver licenses and state identification services can be accessed at alohaq.org. The system has been revised to serve the greatest needs first. For assistance with making an appointment, call: (808) 768-4177. Masks or face coverings are required during all in-office visits. For more information, visit honolulu.gov.csd. The Kapahulu Vehicle Reconstruction Inspection Station in the City and County of Honolulu is open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. For assistance, call: (808) 768-4325.

The annual Hawaii State Judiciary juror questionnaires will soon be mailed to individuals who have a Hawaii state driver’s license or are registered to vote in Hawaii. Beginning August 3, approximately 235,000 juror questionnaires will be mailed to 85,000 residents on Oahu, 55,000 in Maui County, 70,000 on Hawaii Island, and 25,000 on Kauai. They are used to help select potential jurors who may be eligible to serve in 2021. Individuals are selected at random. Anyone receiving a questionnaire has 10 days to complete and return it to the Jury Pool Office in the envelope provided. Those who fail to respond may be penalized. To be eligible to serve as a juror, you must be at least 18 years old, a citizen of the United States, a resident of Hawaii, and able to read and understand English. The Hawaii State Department of Health is in varying stages of reviewing and approving the circuit courts’ health-and-safety plans to resume jury selection and jury trials. The plan includes touchless temperature scans and CDC-recommended screening questions before entering a courthouse; required face coverings; enforced social distancing measures; and increased cleaning and disinfecting of our facilities.

TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 2020 7:07 PM

Hawaii Pacific University - M

The committee asked that he consider the public’s safety and issue a directive to judges to require bail prior to release and conditions such as ankle bracelets for quarantine violators.

3. Front line tourism industry workers with direct exposure to visitors

Mr. Jade Butay, Director

Neighborhood Board Commission: Neighborhood boards will resume public meetings beginning June 1. Physical distancing requirements are followed. For meeting information, please contact the NCO at 768-3710, email nco@honolulu.gov, or visit the office’s website at honolulu.gov/nco.

Under the CARES Act, Hawai'i has been given a total of $862,823,978 to support the State and smaller Counties. A separate allocation of $387,176,021 was provided to the City & County of Honolulu. The Senate has proposed allocating the funds in a responsible, prudent and conservative expenditure approach to meet both statewide and county needs. Below are some highlights. $175 million to support the various counties;

To report a possible self-quarantine violation, contact your county police department at 911. The police have access to all data pertaining to airport arrivals.

City and County of Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell announced a new emergency aid program for Oahu residents. Individuals under financial hardship will be eligible for up to $1,000 for basic needs such as rent and utilities, and up to an additional $500 for basic childcare. The program will begin on May 18.

1. Previous COVID-19 positive individuals and their families and close contacts

Leaders of the Hawaii State Teachers Association, Hawaii Government Employees Association, and United Public Workers agreed with a revised Hawaiʻi State Department of Education recommendation to the school board that will adjust the 2020–21 school year calendar, and start students later - from the original August 4 date to August 17. The deal will need the approval of the Hawaiʻi Board Of Education, which will hold a special meeting this Thursday, July 30, at 1 p.m. Ten-month DOE employees will still report to work as planned on Wednesday, July 29. According to HSTA, the agreement would give educators nine (9) additional days of training and preparation time on top of the regularly scheduled two (2) administration days and two (2) teacher preparation days between July 29 and Aug. 3. The extra time “would allow for training, planning, and preparation for the safe return of students to classrooms.” News of the agreement was shared by the unions to its membership, and a statement from Superintendent Dr. Christina Kishimoto was also posted to the DOE website. “HIDOE leadership has been working with the unions throughout the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure our students get the education they deserve and our employees have a safe work environment,” Dr. Kishimoto said. “We have continued these conversations and reached a conditional agreement today to propose a delayed start for students to accommodate concerns regarding employee training.” “Throughout our discussions, we were mindful that any adjustments to the calendar must focus on educating and supporting students,” Kishimoto said. “We also acknowledge the voice of our families, partners and employees who are not represented by the unions yet are impacted by this decision.” “We will use this time to prepare at yet another level, but I recognize this comes at a cost for public school parents and our students,” the Superintendent concluded. “My expectation is that if the Board approves the two week delay, that our labor partners will do an aggressive push to their members to be at schoolhouse doors on day one for our students.”

Mr. Glen Takahashi, City Clerk

Goal #3 - Good health and well-being

MONDAY, MAY 4, 2020 3:20 PM

Mayor Caldwell’s proposal includes the Friday, May 29

Testimony will be provided by Hawaii Executive Collaborative members Paul Yonamine, Duane Kurisu, and Lori Teranishi. Please note that there may be committee members or invited speakers participating remotely via video or teleconference.

Pools

MONDAY, MAY 4, 2020 10:22 AM

Waipahū District Park

THURSDAY, MAY 21, 2020 10:08 AM

Kalama Beach Park

Test participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them.

The 2020 Summer Fun Program will not require any fees or payment on the part of the participating families. In the past, Summer Fun registration was done in-person as a result of these prior payments. This resulted in eager parents waiting for hours, sometimes days, at various park locations to secure a spot for their keiki.

District 2 (Makiki to ʻAiea) - ph. (808) 768-9292

Play areas

Testing is being done from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. today, April 22 at The Church of Jesus Christ of the Latter-Day Saints in Wahiaw

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22, 2020 11:55 AM

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 2021 9:39 AM

Nail technicians

No public testimony will be accepted.

Resiliency Navigator

O‘ahu residents with a hardship or special need outside these parameters can call (808) 768-4177 for assistance.

:

The latest proclamation also allows residents to leave their homes to patronize certain businesses and activities under the new “Safer-at-Home” order.

Previous COVID-19 positive individuals and their families and close contacts

Hawaii Pacific Health

3:00 p.m. Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery & Resiliency Plan

TUESDAY, JUNE 23, 2020 10:44 AM

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 2020 10:19 AM

$40 million for AG enforcement, PPE, payroll, and other department requests;

$1 million for the PUA program (UI for independent contractors & GIG workers);

District 1

Agenda for today's meeting found below. Watch it live on Olelo 49.

The 2020 SFSP is sponsored by the United States Department of Agriculture, and will provide lunch to Summer Fun participants 18 years and younger. SFSP will begin on July 6 and run through July 17 at select, qualified Summer Fun sites. Those participating will be listed on DPR’s website: http://bit.ly/SummerFunOahu

Mililani District Park

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 2021 6:00 PM

Fern Community Park

Wailupe Community Park

Mr. Michael Kamida, Technical Lead and Liaison

The public is reminded that parking lots at the two sites will be closed to the public until 2 p.m. to allow for breakdown of testing tents and clearing of cones and barriers. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Mr. Sean Williams, Vice President

FRIDAY, MAY 8, 2020 12:36 PM

TUESDAY, MARCH 2, 2021 11:00 AM

Antibody testing determines whether a patient had COVID-19 and now has antibodies against the virus; it is not used to determine whether someone currently has the disease. The test also does not tell you whether or not you may be susceptible to getting COVID again. Patients should discuss results with their healthcare provider to understand what the results mean for them.

TUESDAY, MARCH 16, 2021 11:00 AM

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 2020 8:45 PM

Mr. Rodrigo Romo, Program Director

The 10-foot distance requirement does not apply to members of the same performing group.

Reconstructed vehicle inspection is another in-office visit that will be served strictly on an appointment-only basis.

COVID-19 testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex and Kakaʻako Waterfront Park will be available this weekend. Drive-thru testing for COVID-19 will be offered at both locations, but a new Antibody Testing will be offered as well.

Mr. Robert Kurisu, Co-Founder

Hawaii Technology Development Corporation

2:30 p.m.

SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 2021 8:28 PM

Mr. Scott Nago, Chief Election Officer

The state Department of Labor and Industrial Relations is kicking off an alphabetical system to ease the burden on the antiquated technology that has crashed multiple times over the past few weeks.

THURSDAY, MARCH 18, 2021 10:00 AM

Mr. Jon Henricks, County Clerk

The COVID-19 Hardship Relief program will provide funding support to Oahu residents with amounts up to $1,000 per month for qualified household expenses, and up to $500 per month for qualified childcare expenses to aid in lessening economic hardships caused by the pandemic. Each household may receive continued benefits as hardship continues, up to 6 months.

MONDAY, APRIL 5, 2021 9:00 AM

Entertainment areas

The partnering pharmacies throughout the state include: ElixRx Pharmacy, 5 Minute Pharmacy, Foodland Pharmacy, KTA Pharmacy, Pharmacare Hawaii, The Queen’s Medical Center Pharmacy, and Times Pharmacy. As of Friday, the DOH has administered more than 56,000 vaccines and has received 152,650 doses from Moderna and Pfizer-BioNTech combined.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick-up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also stream live online at

TUESDAY, MAY 19, 2020 9:22 AM

The Hawaii State Department of Education (HIDOE) Grab-and-Go school meals program will be extended at select meal sites for an extra four days beyond the end of the school year on May 28 and transition to the summer meal program which runs through July 17. Certain schools will provide meals to children 18 years or younger, free of charge, regardless of eligibility for free or reduced price meals.

The special committee will convene to discuss the impact of COVID-19 on the upcoming elections. Specific topics include the number of Voter Service Centers, available drop boxes, and the steps being taken to ensure the health and safety of voters.

Kamilo Iki Community Park

Agriculture (non-food), such as landscape, ornamental plant growers, and nurseries

Swanzy Beach Park

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 2021 10:00 AM

Queen’s Health Systems

For those who do not have computer or internet access, accommodations are available to facilitate their registration into the program. Please call the Summer Fun site for those accommodations. A list of the 65 program sites is included at the bottom of this announcement for your convenience.

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency -

4:15 p.m. Department of Taxation

More COVID-19 testing will be available at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex and Kakaʻako Waterfront Park this weekend. Drive-thru testing for COVID-19 will be offered at both locations, but a new Antibody Testing will be offered as well.

For each location, follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. This is part of an effort to do focused testing in communities across Oʻahu. Results of the testing will be used to identify COVID-19 “Hot Spots” to help in their containment.

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 2021 9:35 AM

To help lessen demand for appointments, 50,000 letters were sent to O‘ahu residents who qualify to renew their driver licenses or state identification cards either online or by mail. In addition, the federal government announced in April that the start date for REAL ID enforcement has been extended by 12 months to Oct. 1, 2021.

FRIDAY, JUNE 5, 2020 1:33 PM

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be streamed live online at

THURSDAY, APRIL 22, 2021 9:00 AM

Mr. Scott Glenn, Chief Energy Officer

Booth District Park

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 2020 8:48 PM

The letter to the Chief Justice states the concern “that the quarantine orders are being flouted once travelers leave the airport” and that when violators “appear before a judge, often the violators are released on their own recognizance without any measures to ensure no further violations happen.”

is a convenient and safe way to access library books and materials.

Kalihi Valley District Park

Pearl City District Park

“Disturbingly, we have also received reports that the City and County of Honolulu have avoided addressing these public concerns of non-compliance with regularity,” the letter says, and requests that the administration make enforcement of the quarantine “a priority by investigating and arresting people who violate them in our community, including returning residents and vacation rentals…”

Mr. Brandon Kurisu, Coalition Representative

McCully District Park

The Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order allows residents of the City and County of Honolulu to shop at retail businesses and shopping malls that comply with specific operations guidelines that includes allowing all persons in these establishments to maintain physical/social distancing and health and safety standards.

Kahuku Community Park

The committee will be meeting with the following:

WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 2020 10:39 AM

Appointments for in-office visits to satellite city halls will be available starting June 29. To make an online appointment, visit

Dr. Lynn Babington, President

Click here to read more from Civil Beat.

For information on the testing with Transformation Health Network, call 854-3566.

The public is encouraged to participate by submitting written testimony. No in-person testimony will be allowed at this time due to COVID-19. To submit testimony, please visit:

These businesses/operations are required to follow the social distancing requirements in the 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation. They also are encouraged to follow the applicable guidelines recommended by the Centers for Disease Control. Generally, this means they must implement physical distancing requirements such as capacity limits and ensuring 6 feet or more between individuals using floor markings and signage; limit in-person work when possible; reduce the number of high-touch surfaces and objects as much as possible; reconfigure workplace to enable physical distancing if possible; communicate health and safety protocols to all employees, customers and visitors.

Pu‘unui Community Park

There will be no discrimination in the course of the meal service, as they will be served regardless of race, color, creed, national origin, sex, or disability.

Makiki District Park

Certain real estate services. All real property sales and management activities must be accomplished by remote/electronic means whenever possible. Restrictions and permitted real estate services are outlined in Emergency Order No. 2020-09;

Hālawa District Park

Auto Dealerships

Goal #7 - Affordable and clean energy

MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 2021 9:52 AM

For more information, please visit their website at librarieshawaii.org

The Hawai‘i State Senate’s 2020 session was originally scheduled to take place from January 15 to May 7, but the Senate was forced to recess in mid-March due to the COVID-19 emergency. The Senate held a two week reconvene on May 11 to pass time-sensitive budget bills and nominations from the governor.

Waimānalo Beach Park

Mayor Caldwell’s proposal is included in the second amendment to the City and County of Honolulu’s Emergency Order No. 2020-16, posted online at www.honolulu.gov

to read the full press release.

THURSDAY, APRIL 23, 2020 12:44 PM

Dr. Sarah Park, State Epidemiologist

Keiki participants will be within the same group for the entire program.

DPR is still hiring for those interested in working as Summer Fun Aides. Please click here if you are interested in fun, seasonal work opportunity, or call the District Office of the location where you would like to work (listed below)

Childcare services, licensed or authorized under the law

For more information, visit

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 2021 12:00 PM

THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2020 10:20 AM

June 19: Indoor operations such as:

Performers who sing or play wind instruments must keep a distance of at least 10 feet from other people.

Kāne‘ohe Community Park

Longs Drugs pharmacies begin offering COVID-19 vaccinations daily

Occupancy is limited at all times to no more than one (1) person per 200 square feet of the gross operation area (which equates to approximately 50 percent of the maximum occupancy load).

VACCINE APPOINTMENT AND SITE INFORMATION:

The Honolulu Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) is excited to announce a modified version of Summer Fun will be held this year. The program will be offered at no charge to O‘ahu families with Mayor Caldwell waiving the fees for the summer day camp.

Kalaniana‘ole Beach Park

FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 2020 9:46 AM

Out-of-state travelers arriving in Hawai‘i must get a PCR test prior to arrival from any testing location approved by the Hawai‘i State Department of Health. Evidence of a negative test result must be provided upon arrival in Hawai‘i. Without this, passengers arriving from out-of-state will be subject to the 14-day quarantine.

TUESDAY, MARCH 9, 2021 11:00 AM

District 4 (Waialua to Waimānalo) - ph. (808) 768-8980

Vaccinations are by appointment only

Beretania Community Park

Gov. Ige announced all travelers arriving in Hawai‘i from out-of-state will be required to get a valid COVID-19 test prior to their arrival, and to show proof of a negative test result, to avoid the 14-day quarantine. The pre-travel testing program begins Aug. 1.

WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 2020 11:25 AM

1:30 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29, 2020 2:14 PM

2:00 p.m. Department of Health -

Click

Participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information including insurance if available and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head here.

Enchanted Lake Community Park

THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 2021 12:30 PM

Salt Lake District Park

The elimination of prohibitions related to beaches, boating, hiking and shoreline fishing, as these activities are being addressed through the counties in coordination with the state Department of Land and Natural Resources.

Goal #11 - Sustainable cities and communities:

. The system will allow appointments only for those licenses expiring in June. (This includes licenses and state IDs with March expiration dates that were previously granted a 90-day extension under a state emergency order.) Later in the month, open appointment slots will be offered driver licenses and state IDs with July expiration dates. (This would include those with April expiration dates that were similarly extended by emergency order to July.)

If you are having difficulty filing your unemployment insurance 24/7, you may be clicking on the wrong link. Follow these steps to complete your filing and avoid error messages:

Food-court dining areas (except for delivery or carry out)

Bring the following items with you to the "Food For Hawai‘i's ‘Ohana" distribution: a pen, completed Household Information Form(s) and a valid government-issued ID for each household.

Staff or keiki will not be allowed to participate in the program if they are sick, have been in contact with someone diagnosed with COVID-19, or have traveled out-of-state within the past 14 days.

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 2020 10:21 AM

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 2021 9:31 AM

On Tuesday, May 12, Transformation Health Network will conduct testing in the parking lot at Kalihi Union Church, 2214 North King Street from 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Entry will be from the driveway on Umi Street. Walk-up individuals are welcome also.

for “personal service providers” including:

Qualified expenses will be paid directly to the vendor on behalf of the applicant.

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 2021 4:00 PM

Within shopping malls, the following must remain closed:

Travelers may be prohibited from boarding a flight if they have an elevated temperature above 100.4 degrees, they refuse to complete the mandatory form, or they are on the 14-day quarantine list prohibiting them from flying.

Hawaii Tourism Authority

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 2021 10:00 AM

$8 million to DLIR for IT Modernization, UI Program Enhancements, and facility and staff support;

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 16, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 17, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 2020 8:59 PM

Goal #4 - Quality education

Another $56 million will be used to bring back small businesses, support training and job programs connecting unemployed with local businesses in need of employees, and provide manufacturing grants to local companies that can create local supply chains for necessary cleaning supplies and personal protection equipment (PPE).

To view the guidelines, head here -

Grave site visits are also being added as an Essential Activity. All of the added reopening of certain businesses are with limitations. The restated Stay at Home Order incorporates prior orders, including but not limited to, ordering all individuals living within the City to stay at their place of residence except for Essential Activities, Governmental Functions, or to operate Essential Businesses, mandating employees and visitors of Essential Businesses to wear a non-medical grade face covering mandate, and the ban of all public and private gatherings of any number of people occurring outside a single household or living unit.

Dr. Edward Desmond, Administrator

MONDAY, JUNE 22, 2020 8:45 AM

The Health Department is still in the process of developing this program but anticipates requiring an FDA-approved PCR test from a CLIA certified laboratory. Travelers will be required to provide printed or emailed pre-test certification as evidence of a negative test result. Travelers will be responsible for the cost of the pre-travel test.

Since in-office visits were suspended nine weeks ago, more than 44,000 driver license and state ID appointments had to be canceled.

MONDAY, APRIL 19, 2021 8:00 AM

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, June 27, by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing will be from 8 a.m. – 2 p.m.

On weekends and holidays, that time is from 9 a.m. to 11 p.m.

TUESDAY, MARCH 30, 2021 9:49 AM

Observatories & Support Facilities

Due to the recent uptick in COVID-19 cases, drive-thru testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be available this weekend.

Department of Environmental Services: Regular curbside refuse, green waste, and recycling service is still being conducted. Convenience centers and transfer stations remain open. Please note, all in-person services are suspended. Visit opala.org for more information.

Changes to the amended Stay at Home Order add the limited reopening of certain designated businesses and operations such as:

Appointments can be made at

during the COVID-19 crisis. The departments have announced subsidy changes to its assistance program for families and providers and are encouraging more families to apply. Get more information about applying to Child Care Connection Hawai‘i online by clicking on this link - bit.ly/ApplyCCCH.

Mr. David Sikkink, Administrator

‘Ewa Beach Community Park

, starting Thursday, May 28. This includes:

The legislative branch will reopen beginning June 1, 2020. Each Senate office and support staff office will be expected to resume normal business hours on that date. For more details, please read the memo dated May 22, 2020, from the Senate President: Reopening of Legislative Branch - June 1, 2020

THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2020 10:24 AM

Goal #16 - Peace, justice, and strong institutions

SUPERINTENDENT SAYS SCHOOLS COULD REALISTICALLY REOPEN FULLY IN FALL 2021; SOME HIGH SCHOOLS CAN HOLD LIMITED IN-PERSON COMMENCEMENT CEREMONIES

The City and County of Honolulu will soon be launching the COVID-19 Hardship Relief Program to help those most economically impacted by shutdowns to prevent the spread of the coronavirus. Scheduled to launch on May 18, the relief fund can be used to assist with basic needs including as rent, eligible utilities, childcare, and other essential expenses.

Similar outdoor facilities

TUESDAY, MAY 26, 2020 12:05 PM

The Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order can be found here.

Staff and keiki will be provided hand sanitizer.

Lanakila District Park

In addition, travelers will be required to fill out the State Travel and Health form.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 2021 10:00 AM

with limitations

Water parks

. Businesses that provide services such as private tutoring, certain music instrument lessons, etc., on a one-on-one basis, that comply with social distancing requirements;

‘Āhuimanu Community Park

‪Starting 5 a.m. Saturday, City parks will be reopened to exercise only. Exercise includes running, walking, jogging and biking. However, no camping, using tennis courts, basketball courts, play equipment, off-leash dog parks, baseball, volleyball, etc.

Mr. Len Higashi, Acting Executive Director

Kilauea District Park

Game rooms

Mayor Kirk Caldwell announced that certain Oauhu businesses will be allowed to open with limitations. This Order is effective from 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, April 30 through 4:30 p.m. on May 18.

No testing will be provided upon arrival at the airport.

Designated spaces will be made for each group, with activities conducted on a rotating basis.

Appointments can be made on AlohaQ.org.

Department of Parks and Recreation: City parks, courts, fields and parking lots are open. City skate parks and off-leash dog parks will reopen on Friday, May 29. The Koko Head Shooting Complex, city archery ranges, People’s Open Markets, and pools (lap swim only) are scheduled to reopen on Friday, June 5. The five Honolulu Botanical Gardens are open for passive use. This means no camping, garden tours, or recreational programs will be offered at that time. Other park facilities remain closed to the public, such as: playgrounds, campgrounds, gyms, and recreation buildings. Please be advised that lifeguards are not stationed in their regular towers but are instead on roving patrols. Stand-alone comfort stations are open but they will be closed during cleaning, maintenance, and regular park closure hours. For more information, please visit honolulu.gov/parks.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 2021 9:00 PM

Ms. Kathy Sokugawa, Acting Director

Mr. Scott Murakami, Director

TUESDAY, MAY 26, 2020 8:26 AM

WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 2020 2:44 PM

THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 2021 9:00 AM

TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 2020 8:53 AM

Online Registration begins Thursday, June 18 at 6 p.m.

11:00 a.m. Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

Here’s how it works

‘Āina Haina Community Park

The Legislature’s proposed plan builds upon UHERO’s estimates that $618 million in spending will generate more than $1 billion in Gross Domestic Product over the coming year and help Hawaiʻi’s households and businesses by supporting up to 6,500 jobs. The plan provides discretion to the Ige Administration to spend the remaining CARES funds to pay for unanticipated and emerging needs. This discretionary amount could be used to bolster Hawaiʻi’s unemployment insurance funds or support COVID-19 related programs.

This software was successfully used for shooters to make reservations at the Koko Head Shooting Complex beginning on Wednesday, June 3, and will serve a larger capacity in DPR registration and reservations in the future.

Asing Community Park

Gov. Ige announced that the state will be lifting the 14-day quarantine requirement for inter-island travelers, effective June 16.

resumption of operations

The governor is expected to extend the 14-day quarantine for travelers through June 30. This comes as the governor announced that he intends to continue Hawaii’s safer-at-home order through June 30. The Hawaii Tourism Authority, Department of Transportation, and other state agencies are working with the airlines to toughen the entry restrictions, to include revising the visitor arrival form, requiring the flight crew to complete the form, seeking to confirm return flights, increasing the screening staff at airports, stiffening hotel quarantines, enforcing rules on car rentals, and confirming hotel or home stays, among others. The COVID-19 committee met with the Police Chief, representatives from the Courts, and the Prosecutor's Office to coordinate enforcement of the 14-day quarantine. There were general agreements for a maximum bail of $2,000 for quarantine violators. Arraignment would be done virtually within 48-72 hours. Police statistics for Emergency Proclamation violations from March 20 to May 14 included 9,313 warnings, 5,244 citations, and 292 arrests.

Makakilo Community Park

THURSDAY, MAY 28, 2020 8:57 AM

Museums

On May 14, the Senate was briefed on the State Administration’s proposal for $1.25 billion appropriated under the federal Coronavirus Aid Relief & Economic Security (CARES) Act. Senate Bill 75 SD2 HD1 passed out of the House Finance Committee and will now head to the full House for a vote next week. Concerns remain regarding how agencies will spend these funds, such as economic support to those most affected during this pandemic.

The six driver licensing centers on O‘ahu reopened May 26 for in-office visits also on an appointment-only basis.

The Executive Office on Early Learning is working closely with the Department of Human Services and other agencies and stakeholders to coordinate early childhood care

Attendance Limits:

Safety Protocols:

Other beauty operators

District 1 (Hawaiʻi Kai to McCully) - ph. (808) 768-8944

service is not available at the following libraries: Liliha, McCully, Pearl City and the Hawaii State Library. No book donations will be accepted at this time.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 2021 3:00 PM

Koko Head District Park

For more information on the testing run by Kalihi Kai Urgent Care, call (808) 841-2273.

THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2020 10:28 AM

Mā‘ili Community Park*

Ms. Kathy Kaohu, County Clerk

Retail & Repair Services, such as apparel, florists, watch & surfboard repair (Note: retail does not re-open in City & County of Honolulu until May 15, and retail & most repair will not re-open in Maui county.)

Office of Elections

The City’s “COVID-19 Guidance for Business” is followed to the greatest extent possible.

$14 million to the DOH for contact tracing/testing, vaccination and contract tracing staff, investigation and infection control, PPE and supplies;

FRIDAY, MAY 22, 2020 2:00 PM

No public testimony will be accepted.If you require special assistance, please call 586-6800 or email your request to waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 2021 9:16 AM

WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 2020 11:16 AM

Kailua District Park

FRIDAY, MAY 8, 2020 12:28 PM

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 2021 11:55 AM

Waimānalo District Park

University of Hawaii – School of Nursing and Dental Hygiene -

appointment time to pick up their item(s).

Dr. Eugene Tian, Chief State Economist

Paki Community Park

THURSDAY, MAY 7, 2020 10:06 AM

Ms. Rona Suzuki, Director

Pet Grooming Services

Public Transportation - TheBus and TheHandi-Van: These services are operating with increased sanitary precautions for passenger and driver safety and health. Visit thebus.org or call 848-5555 for up-to-date schedules and information. The TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is open for in-person assessments for those extending or applying for eligibility. Distancing practices must be followed. TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is located at the First Insurance Center, 1100 Ward Avenue, Suite 835. For questions or to schedule an assessment, call (808) 538-0033, Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

– sales and leasing activities (with restrictions);

Every1ne Hawaii -

WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 2020 4:50 PM

WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 2020 12:06 PM

Movie theatres

The Household Information Form can be downloaded below: A separate form must be filled out for each household represented in the vehicle.

To allow access to the proceedings, the Senate will be providing live streams of all Senate hearings and floor sessions in real time, on YouTube and/or ‘Ōlelo and neighbor island cable networks, with live closed captioning. A list of upcoming and archived Senate hearings is available here: http://olelo.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=13

MONDAY, MARCH 22, 2021 10:00 AM

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 23, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 24, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

On Friday, April 24, Kalihi Kai Urgent Care will be conducting testing at ʻEwa Mahiko District Park in ʻEwa Beach. Testing at 91-1205 Renton Road will run from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.

Ms. Georja Skinner, Chief Officer

The amended bill states (HB117), “Due to the unprecedented economic downturn resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the legislature believes that continued implementation of the commission's recommendations for the executive and judicial branches, and planned adjustments for the legislature, is irresponsible at this time and should be deferred.”

Children must be six years old before Aug. 1, 2020 and not older than thirteen years old by July 28, 2020 to qualify. The modified Summer Fun will still utilize Junior Leaders.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on Olelo channel 49 on Oahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels.

THURSDAY, MAY 14, 2020 3:34 PM

Food will be distributed for approximately 4,000 households or WHILE SUPPLIES LAST.

12:00 p.m. Department of Health, State Laboratories

Building Permit Applications: Available by appointment only. Self-service permits are available online at honolulu.gov/dpp.

Please note that these operations may have altered hours. Please visit their websites before going to the location for services.

$637 million to be deposited into the state's rainy day fund to be allocated in subsequent sessions.

MONDAY, MAY 18, 2020 10:09 AM

Waikele Community Park

Click here to read more from KITV4 news.

Only Ala Moana Satellite City Hall will temporarily remain closed to in-office visits as it prepares to relocate within the shopping center.

Board of Water Supply: Water service remains operational and the water is safe to drink. Testing is conducted daily. BWS account services are available online at boardofwatersupply.com, by mail, or by phone. In-person services are suspended.

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 2020 10:10 AM

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29, 2020 4:02 PM

Mr. Chris Tatum, CEO

SafePaths -

For patrons who placed their holds during the closure, their item(s) are ready for pick up after the patron schedules a

AN ADULT FROM EACH HOUSEHOLD MUST BE PRESENT WITH A VALID GOVERNMENT-ISSUED ID.

Feeding Hawaii Together, a non-profit organization,is currently providing food to the public. The organization is located at 2522 Rose Street. Visit thepantry.org to register for food remotely, visually see the food available, place an order, then receive a day/time for pick-up. This allows to continue to provide urgently needed food, while conforming to all of the COVID-19 safety requirements.They distribute food 3 days per week.

2. After receiving a notice that their item(s) are ready for pick up, patrons can schedule a Library Take Out time at picktime.com/hspls.

THURSDAY, MAY 21, 2020 9:33 AM

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 7, 2021 11:00 AM

Safety Protocols

Arcades

Kanewai Community Park

1:00 p.m.

TO FILE A CLAIM OR CHECK YOUR STATUS

The proclamation also includes:

Maintenance staff will clean bathroom facilities twice daily.

Before attending a distribution, please make sure your vehicle's back seat, trunk, hatchback and/or tailgate are emptied and prepared to receive food.

The number of new COVID-19 cases is expected to rise once travel is re-opened. However, the State Department of Health has begun the process of training 500 new contact tracers, exceeding the recommended standards set by the Centers for Disease Control, and is exploring other screening and testing procedures.

Mr. Greg Barbour, Executive Director

Registration:

Kapaolono Community Park

The distribution organizers reserve the right to refuse service to individuals who do not comply with the rules established for this food distribution.

The proposal also allows the following to resume operations with modifications:

Shopping Malls – limited to retail and repair services (Note: shopping malls are not reopening in Maui county.)

Gov. David Ige approved Mayor Kirk Caldwell’s proposal to safely re-open more businesses and operations on O‘ahu, under guidelines that will ensure the safety of employees and customers.

THURSDAY, APRIL 23, 2020 3:55 PM

A public-private partnership — that includes the City and County of Honolulu, Aloha United Way, the Council for Native Hawaiian Advancement, Helping Hands Hawaii, and other service providers — will work directly with individuals and families dealing with economic hardship to administer these resources and ensure Oahu residents have the support they need.

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 2021 8:03 PM

Public Access:

District 4

Waiau District Park

The governor noted that the next step in re-opening air travel will be restoring out-of-state travel to the islands in a safe manner. He has been working on plans to do this said he would announce them soon.

Under Phase 1 of the state’s re-opening, the following businesses and operations can re-open starting May 7, 2020 at 12:01 a.m. However, everyone is advised to check the restrictions in place in each county, as they may differ.

Starting next week, those whose last name starts with the letters A through G should file on Mondays.

Fitness centers

DOH TO PARTNER WITH PHARMACIES STATEWIDE TO PROVIDE COVID-19 VACCINE

Goal #10 - Reduced inequalities:

Kaimuki Community Park

Summer Fun Sites 2020:

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 2021 9:38 AM

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. The meeting will also be livestreaming on

Veterans Affairs

THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 2021 9:07 AM

Pililā‘au Community Park

12:45p.m. Department of the Attorney General -

Goal #17 - Partnership for the goals

No pubic testimony will be accepted.

.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 2021 9:48 AM

THURSDAY, MAY 14, 2020 11:48 AM

1:15 p.m. Department of Health

Wilson Community Park

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 2021 12:00 PM

FRIDAY, MARCH 5, 2021 9:00 AM

The times to file are Monday through Friday from 6:30 a.m. to 11 p.m.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be livestreamed via http://olelo.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=13.

The Hawaii State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 will hold a hearing today at noon live on ‘Olelo 49.


=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.donnamercadokim.com/news/#are-you-fully-vaccinated=====

 <tag> h2




OAHU MOVES TO TIER 3 OF REOPENING STRATEGY

VACCINE APPOINTMENT AND SITE INFORMATION:

COVID-19 VACCINATION AVAILABILITY

Before attending a distribution, please make sure your vehicle's back seat, trunk, hatchback and/or tailgate are emptied and prepared to receive food.

Food will be distributed for approximately 4,000 households or WHILE SUPPLIES LAST.

Bring the following items with you to the "Food For Hawai‘i's ‘Ohana" distribution: a pen, completed Household Information Form(s) and a valid government-issued ID for each household.

 <tag> h3


SENATE COVID-19 TO MEET TOMORROW

QUARANTINE LIFTED FOR INTER-ISLAND TRAVEL STARTING JUNE 16

SATELLITE CITY HALLS TO REOPEN JULY 1

Kaiser Permanente

AIRPORTS AND HEALTH DEPARTMENTS AMONG OTHERS TO MEET WITH SENATE COMMITTEE TOMORROW

SENATE SPECIAL COMMITTEE CONVENES APRIL 28

COVID-19 Variants and the Vaccine: What You Should Know

All Residents 16+ Are Becoming Eligible April 19

HAWAII STATE SENATE ANNOUNCES OPERATIONAL CHANGES AHEAD OF 2021 LEGISLATIVE SESSION

SENATE COVID-19 MEETS TODAY TO DISCUSS ELECTIONS

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH RED HILL CONTESTED CASE HEARING

PUBLIC LIBRARY LAUNCHES TAKE OUT SYSTEM

OAHU DRIVER LICENSING & STATE ID SERVICES RESTART BY APPOINTMENT ONLY

HAWAII DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH PREPARES FOR SECOND PRIORITY POPULATION GROUP TO BEGIN RECEIVING COVID-19 VACCINE

State expands eligibility to more Phase 1c essential workers on Monday

SENATORS DEFER PAY RAISES RECOMMENDED BY SALARY COMMISSION

COVID-19 Vaccine Update

GET UPDATES

GOVERNOR APPROVES MORE BUSINESSES TO OPEN

AlohaSafe Alert: Add your phone to fight against COVID-19

Hawaii State Legislature Website

2021 Session

FREE FOOD FOR THE COMMUNITY

Who is eligible to get the vaccine and how do I sign-up?

HAWAII HEALTHCARE WORKERS BEGIN RECEIVING 2ND DOSE OF COVID-19 VACCINE

SUMMER FOOD SERVICE STUDENT MEALS

DLIR IMPLEMENTS FILING CERTIFICATION DAYS BASED ON LAST NAME

OAHU BEACHES CLEARED TO OPEN

QUARANTINE EXTENDED FOR OUT-OF-STATE TRAVELERS TILL JULY 31

PRESCHOOL OPEN DOORS PROGRAM ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS

Beware of COVID-19 vaccine scams!

STATE TO LAUNCH COVID-19 PRE-TRAVEL TESTING PROGRAM FOR OUT-OF-STATE TRAVELERS AUGUST 1

FOOD DISTRIBUTION AT ALOHA STADIUM TOMORROW, MAY 22

5 Things Hawaii residents need to know about COVID-19 variants

COVID-19 COMMITTEE SENDS CONCERNS TO CHIEF JUSTICE AND MAYOR

GOVERNOR EXTENDS STAY-AT-HOME ORDER TILL MAY 31

CITY PARKS TO REOPEN THIS SATURDAY WITH LIMITED ACTIVITY

OAHU SHOPPING AND RETAIL STORES CAN OPEN MAY 15

Vaccination Eligibility for Individuals 70+

COVID-19 Vaccination Availability

New resource! Booklet helps you and your loved ones develop a COVID-19 care plan

FREE TESTING TOMORROW, MAY 12

OAHU DRIVER LICENSING, STATE ID SERVICES RESTART BY APPOINTMENT ONLY

Longs Drugs pharmacies begin offering COVID-19 vaccinations daily

VEHICLE SAFETY CHECKS FOR REGISTRATION TEMPORARILY HALTED

Why Get Vaccinated?

SENATE COVID-19 COMMITTEE MEETS TODAY

STATE SENATE RECONVENES FOR THREE WEEK SESSION

New Service Simplifies COVID-19 Vaccination Registration Process For Kupuna

More People Are Eligible To Get Vaccinated In Hawaii

LEGISLATURE TO REOPEN JUNE 1; CAPITOL REMAINS CLOSED TO THE PUBLIC

THOUSANDS IN HAWAIʻI EXPECTED TO BENEFIT FROM EMERGENCY FOOD STAMPS, PANDEMIC SCHOOL MEAL PROGRAM

JUROR QUESTIONNAIRES BEING MAILED AUG 3

SENATE SPECIAL COMMITTEE CONVENES TOMORROW

Are You Fully Vaccinated?

SENATE REVIEWS LEGISLATIVE BUDGET

COVID-19 EMERGENCY AID PROGRAM FOR OAHU RESIDENTS

LEGISLATURE RECONVENING MAY 11

NEW TESTING SITES AVAILABLE

COVID-19 Vaccine Call Center For General Public & Health Providers

2021 SENATE LEGISLATIVE PROGRAM PRIORITIZES TEN UNITED NATIONS SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT GOALS

NEWS

Who is eligible to get the vaccine right now?

FREE COVID-19 AND ANTIBODY TESTING THIS WEEKEND

QUARANTINE AND SAFER-AT-HOME ORDER EXTENDED THROUGH JUNE 30

SINGERS, MUSICIANS ALLOWED BACK IN RESTAURANTS AND BARS

THE ALOHASAFE ALERT APP

COVID-19 AND ANTIBODY TESTING THIS WEEKEND

Tracking Hawaiiʻs progress: How are we doing as a state?

2021 Legislative Session

Hawaii Pacific Health

FIRST ROUND OF BUSINESSES SET TO OPEN

Vaccinations Expand to Hawaii Residents 60+ on Monday

THEATERS, GYMS, AND BARS GIVEN THE GREEN LIGHT TO OPEN JUNE 19

Updates on COVID-19 Vaccine

Department of Health expands mental health assistance in response to the ongoing pandemic

DOH TO PARTNER WITH PHARMACIES STATEWIDE TO PROVIDE COVID-19 VACCINE

OAHU MOVES TO TIER 3 OF REOPENING STRATEGY

SENATE SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON COVID-19 HOLDS MEETING TOMORROW

FREE TESTING TOMORROW

SENATE COVID-19 COMMITTEE MEETS TODAY TO DISCUSS REOPENING THE ECONOMY

FREE COVID TESTING IN KALIHI MAY 5

FREE COVID-19 TESTING THIS WEEKEND

Queen's Health Systems

HECO EXTENDS MORATORIUM ON SERVICE DISCONNECTIONS THROUGH JUNE 30

FREE MENTAL HEALTH SERVICES

CITY TO REOPEN CERTAIN BUSINESSES ON MAY 1

APPLY FOR CHILD CARE SERVICES

CITY FACILITIES THAT ARE OPEN

Are you eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Hawaii?

UPDATE - FILING FOR UNEMPLOYMENT INSURANCE

COVID-19 HARDSHIP RELIEF PROGRAM

LEGISLATURE ANNOUNCE PLAN TO USE CARES FUNDS

PUBLIC SCHOOLS REOPENING PUSHED TO AUG 17

SUPERINTENDENT SAYS SCHOOLS COULD REALISTICALLY REOPEN FULLY IN FALL 2021; SOME HIGH SCHOOLS CAN HOLD LIMITED IN-PERSON COMMENCEMENT CEREMONIES

FREE MODIFIED SUMMER FUN

Got Questions About The COVID-19 Vaccines

FLORISTS CAN OPEN ON MAY 1

 <tag> strong




Automated service providers

Approach to Job Creation:

Department of the Attorney General

Kaiser Permanente

Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

Chaminade University -

County of Kaua'i

DO NOT

Oahu

The partnering pharmacies throughout the state include: ElixRx Pharmacy, 5 Minute Pharmacy, Foodland Pharmacy, KTA Pharmacy, Pharmacare Hawaii, The Queen’s Medical Center Pharmacy, and Times Pharmacy. As of Friday, the DOH has administered more than 56,000 vaccines and has received 152,650 doses from Moderna and Pfizer-BioNTech combined.

Honolulu Police Department

Hawaii Pacific University -

Pacific International Space Center for Exploration Systems

*ALL VACCINES ADMINISTERED ARE BY APPOINTMENT ONLY*

Queen’s Health Systems

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency -

District 1 (Hawaiʻi Kai to McCully) -

State expands eligibility to more Phase 1c essential workers on Monday

Phase 1c:

Research & Economic Analysis

View Vaccine Registration Directory

I EXPECTED TO BENEFIT FROM EMERGENCY FOOD STAMPS, PANDEMIC SCHOOL MEAL PROGRAM

AlohaSafe Alert works in a simple 5-step process: download, diagnose, verify, notify and quarantine.

Business Development & Support Division

AlohaSafe Alert: Add your phone to fight against COVID-19

CVS/Longs Drugs

The State Capitol building will remain closed to the public at least through June 30, 2020

Learn More About Kū Makani FREE Mental Health Resources

Hawaii Executive Collaborative

County of Hawai'i

Board of Water Supply:

Attendance Limits:

Safety Protocols:

Who is eligible to get the vaccine and how do I sign-up?

1)Are the variants here in Hawai‘i?

Building Permit Applications:

Department of Health -

How to Register for the Vaccine

PRESCHOOL OPEN DOORS PROGRAM ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS

Office of Elections

Department of Planning and Permitting

District 2

THOUSANDS IN HAWAI

If you are in this vaccination group, please follow these instructions:

Food Service Program:

University of Hawaii – School of Nursing and Dental Hygiene -

Aloha Trace -

Dr. Libby Char

Download and Share Home Care Booklet

Mandatory 14-day quarantine for travelers, eviction moratorium also continue

Neighbor Islands: Maui, Kauai & Hawaii

EXHIBIT G,

Who is next in line for vaccinations?

New resource! Booklet helps you and your loved ones develop a COVID-19 care plan

Every1ne Hawaii -

Location:

District 3

The legislative branch will reopen beginning June 1, 2020

AGENDA

effective June 16

Public and private golf courses

5. Should I wear two masks?

long-term care facility residents

Longs Drugs pharmacies begin offering COVID-19 vaccinations daily

If you are a senior age 75 or older, you are now eligible to register for the COVID-19 vaccine.

View List of Vaccination Providers

District 2 (Makiki to ʻAiea) -

Department of Environmental Services:

Plan to Make Your Vaccination Appointment

kp.org/register

Public Transportation - TheBus and TheHandi-Van:

District 4 (Waialua to Waimānalo) -

Kū Makani crisis counseling hours:

Hawaii State Energy Office

Certain real estate services.

Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery & Resiliency Plan

appointment only.

Natural Energy Laboratory of Hawaii Authority

New service simplifies COVID-19 vaccination registration process for kūpuna

New and used car and truck dealerships

Vaccinations expand to Hawai‘i residents 60+ on Monday

Learn More About Variant Detection in Hawai‘i

indoor

Department of Human Resources Development

Department of Health, State Laboratories

Hawaii Quarantine Kapu Breakers

Department of Health

Mobile service providers

CVS cannot administer vaccinations to walk-in customers without an appointment.

2. Should I be concerned about this new U.K. variant?

County of Maui

SafePaths -

Department of the Attorney General -

GDP History, Outlook, and Potential Sector Growth:

Learn more about the Kūpuna Call Center

Airlines for America

Services provided on a one-one-one bases

Department of Transportation

Department of Transportation – Airports Division

Phase 1-B

TO FILE A CLAIM OR CHECK YOUR STATUS

Creative Industries Division

View Vaccine FAQs

**

Hawaii Tourism Authority

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 16, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 17, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

Registration:

https://www.cvs.com/immunizations/covid-19-vaccine

Phase 2:

PLEASE NOTE:

Clinic Hours of Operation:

3. Will the COVID-19 vaccines protect me from the variants?

Who is eligible to get the vaccine right now?

View the Latest Data on COVID-19 Cases and Vaccinations

Kathleen Merriam

District 3 (Pearlridge to Waiʻanae to Wahiawā) -

frontline essential workers

Locations:

Caroline Cadirao

View Hawaii's Vaccine Timeline and Who's Next in Line

Tracking Hawaiiʻs progress: How are we doing as a state?

Foreign Trade Zone Division

View 5 Things You Can Do to Avoid Vaccine Scams

Hawaii Pacific Health

Department of Parks and Recreation:

District 4

City and County of Honolulu

Neighborhood Board Commission:

Phase 1a:

Phase 1b:

Driver’s licensing and Satellite City Halls:

Department of Health expands mental health assistance in response to the ongoing pandemic

DOH TO PARTNER WITH PHARMACIES STATEWIDE TO PROVIDE COVID-19 VACCINE

District 1

View Fast Facts About the COVID-19 Vaccine

Summer Fun Sites 2020:

Veterans Affairs

View Directory of Vaccination Providers

98-1005 Moanalua Rd #400 Aiea, HI 96701

health care workers

Hawaii Agriculture Foundation

Download the essential workers vaccination toolkit

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency

ages 65 to 74

Department of Taxation

over the age of 75

4. What is the state doing to stop the spread?

SUPERINTENDENT SAYS SCHOOLS COULD REALISTICALLY REOPEN FULLY IN FALL 2021; SOME HIGH SCHOOLS CAN HOLD LIMITED IN-PERSON COMMENCEMENT CEREMONIES

Phase 1-A

Clinic Hours of Operation

Hawaii Technology Development Corporation

 <tag> p




Ala Pu‘umalu Community Park

Due to the pandemic, the State Capitol building remains closed to the public at this time.

Sen. Schatz reports that an estimated 33,000 people in Hawai‘i will benefit from the allotment.

Hau‘ula Community Park

Please visit the Kū Makani website and social media for details about the program, services, upcoming events and island-specific resources: https://www.kumakani.org

In addition, social distancing requirements remain in place across the state through the end of May.

Mr. Alan Oshima, Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery and Resiliency Navigator

2:30 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

As we look forward to the freedom that lower numbers and more vaccinations promise, we must all show our spirit of kīnā‘ole. Doing the right thing, in the right way, in the right place, for the right reason, with the right feeling! This spirit of kīnā‘ole has contributed to Hawaii’s hopeful trends, so let’s continue to maintain safe physical distancing and wear our face masks, and not become complacent.

County of Kaua'i

Mr. Dennis Ling, Administrator

The Hawai‘i State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 sent letters to Hawai‘i Supreme Court Chief Justice Mark Recktenwald and Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell expressing concerns about the enforcement of the travel quarantine orders put into effect by Governor David Ige.

1)Are the variants here in Hawai‘i? Multiple variants that cause COVID-19 are circulating globally, and two variants have been detected in Hawai‘i. Specimens from four people in Hawai‘i contained a molecular “clue” associated with the U.K. variant. While scientists are working to learn more about how widely these new variants have spread, Hawai‘i residents and visitors should act as if the variants are already circulating in our state. 2. Should I be concerned about this new U.K. variant? “It’s cause for concern but not panic,” says Dr. Sarah Kemble, acting state epidemiologist. The U.K. variant spreads more easily and quickly than other variants, which may lead to more cases of COVID-19. State labs are collecting samples from patients across all islands to proactively get a head start. 3. Will the COVID-19 vaccines protect me from the variants? So far, studies suggest that antibodies your body has or will develop through vaccination recognize these variants. This is good news about the effectiveness of the vaccine. Close investigation and more studies are underway. 4. What is the state doing to stop the spread? Vaccinations statewide are underway. As of Thursday, 189,446 doses have been administered. Because some variants are highly contagious, they will affect how many people in Hawai‘i will need to get the vaccine to stop or slow it in its tracks. When it’s your turn to get a shot, don’t hesitate. This has become a race between the virus and the vaccine. 5. Should I wear two masks? It’s recommended that masks have two or more layers, which can be achieved by doubling masks. If you do choose to double mask, make sure the masks cover your mouth and nose and that you can breathe comfortably through them. As our state awaits receiving more vaccine supply for our kūpuna and essential workers, it is more important than ever to rigorously follow safe practices, including wearing a face mask, physical distancing, hand hygiene, gathering safely, and isolation and quarantine. Small actions will make a big difference in limiting the spread of the virus and protecting our communities.

Senate President Ronald D. Kouchi, State House Speaker Scott K. Saiki, Senator Donovan M. Dela Cruz, and Representative Sylvia Luke announced the Legislature’s comprehensive plan to use $635 million in federal CARES Act funds to provide ongoing, immediate relief to residents and small businesses who are suffering from the devastating economic shutdown caused by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. The plan aims to support and reinforce the social safety net for our residents, rebuild and move our economy forward, and address the ongoing pandemic.

Pacific International Space Center for Exploration Systems

Finally, Wednesdays are for P through Z.

Sunset Beach Recreation Center

Hawaiian Electric has suspended service disconnections for nonpayment through June 30 to ensure customers’ electricity needs are met as stay-at-home orders are extended due to the coronavirus pandemic.

O‘ahu kūpuna who donʻt feel comfortable with the online registration process can now call AUW's 2-1-1 hotline to receive help scheduling a COVID-19 vaccination appointment. Kūpuna age 65 and above may call the hotline 7 a.m.-10 p.m. seven days a week. Language translation is available. AUW's team of trained specialists will take basic information from callers and then St. Francis Healthcare System will call back to walk kūpuna through the registration process. Transportation to the vaccination site is also available for eligible individuals.“Kūpuna make up a significant percentage of our state’s total population, and the Executive Office on Aging and our Policy Advisory Board on Elderly Affairs have been tireless advocates of vaccination access for our kūpuna,” said Caroline Cadirao, Director of the state’s Executive Office on Aging. “We’ve listened to concerns and insights from the community, leveraged the expertise of our partners, and came up with this solution. It speaks to the power of collaboration.” The call center is a collaborative effort by the State of Hawai‘i Executive Office on Aging, City and County of Honolulu's Elderly Affairs Division, Aloha United Way and St. Francis Healthcare System.

Accommodations are available upon request to persons with disabilities. Please call (808) 768-3003 or send an email to parks@honolulu.gov at least five days prior to the event.

Research & Economic Analysis

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be streamed live online at olelo.org/49.

Appointments for in-office visits to satellite city halls will be available starting June 29. To make an online appointment, visit www.alohaq.org

The following lists describe the population groups of each allocation phase:

The City opened online appointments for residents whose Hawai‘i driver licenses or state identification cards expire this year in March, April, May, June and July. This is after the state announced its intent to allow licenses and identification cards that expire between March 16 and June 30 to remain valid through Sept. 30.

Business Development & Support Division

For patrons who placed their holds during the closure, their item(s) are ready for pick up after the patron schedules a Library Take Out appointment time to pick up their item(s).

Oahu beaches opened over the weekend, May 16, for activities based on approved guidelines issued by the City and County of Honolulu. In addition to those activities already allowed (e.g., ocean access and exercise), beaches or sand bars within the City may also be utilized with the following restrictions: a. All groups are limited to members of the same household or living unit. b. No group can exceed ten persons. c. All persons using the beach, who are not part of members of the same household or living unit, shall comply with Social Distancing Requirements, provided that a caregiver may accompany a dependent. d. The beach or sand area may only be used one-half hour before sunrise to one-half hour after sunset, unless the person is engaged in shore fishing or permitted outdoor exercise. e. All other State of Hawaiʻi or City restrictions related to COVID-19 must be followed, including, but not limited to, any applicable quarantine restrictions. If you have any questions on Mayor Caldwell’s Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order 2.0, as amended, visit the website, oneoahu.org to find answers to some frequently asked questions. If you still do not find an answer to your question on the site, O‘ahu residents can call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov. The City and County of Honolulu COVID-19 information call center remains open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on holidays.

An online tutorial is available to assist the public with creating their account and profile. Click here to view it.

Hawaii will soon be opening COVID-19 vaccinations to those age 70+ as the state receives more doses of the vaccine. Currently, kupuna age 75+ are eligible to get vaccinated. The Hawaii State Department of Health will announce when vaccination sites begin to accept registrations for this next group of people age 70+. For the latest info on vaccine registration: https://hawaiicovid19.com/vaccination-registration/

County of Hawai'i

For the first time, Kishimoto offered more details on what that timeline looks like, saying public schools in Hawaii won’t reopen fully to in-person instruction before the fall.

Kahalu‘u Community Park

Procedures for written and road driving-test applications are being reviewed and will be announced at a later time.

Kāne‘ohe Community & Senior Center

The Hawaii State Public Library System announced its statewide launch of Library Take Out at 47 of our 51 public libraries. Starting Tuesday, May 26th, library patrons may now schedule a Library Take Out appointment time to pick up their hold item(s) at their favorite library.

The modified Summer Fun Program will be offered on weekdays, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. from Wednesday July, 1 through Tuesday, July 28 (excluding the holiday on Friday, July 3).

Pacific Palisades Community Park

Gov. David Ige signed a 6th supplementary emergency proclamation extending the stay-at-home order across the state through May 31.

Also included in the amended Ho‘oulu i Honolulu 3.0, a replacement of Order 3 relating to indoor and outdoor gatherings. Effective immediately, outdoor gatherings of up to ten individuals are permitted as long as physical distancing is maintained between the groups of up to ten individuals to the extent possible. Outdoor events involving a total of 100 individuals or more are still prohibited.

If you require special assistance, please call 586-6800 or email your request to waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov.

Modifications to the timetable include:

The eviction moratorium, which prevents any eviction from a residential dwelling for failure to pay rent, also remains in effect through May 31.

Click here to view more information, including school sites and pick-up times.

Chaminade University - Dr. Lynn Babington, President

The Special Committee will reconvene tomorrow to hear from the following departments and organizations:

Legislative Timetable: Both the Senate and House have agreed on a modified timetable that has the legislative session convening on January 20, 2021 and adjourning sine die on April 29, 2021.

The Hawai‘i Department of Health is partnering with a number of pharmacies to conduct drive-through vaccination events or in-home vaccinations.

Eligibility will be based on current and projected vaccination numbers, appointment availability--and most importantly--the amount of vaccine allocated and available.

The letter to Mayor Caldwell lists the actions taken by the Hawai‘i Department of Transportation to screen and verify passenger information and require compliance with the state’s quarantine orders, but says that the public is consistently reporting “travelers blatantly violating” the quarantine.

Participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations.

For more information on the Aloha Safe Travels app, go to https://www.wearealohasafe.org.

Temperature checks will continue at airports across the state. Anyone with a temperature higher than 100.4 degrees or who is experiencing other symptoms will be required to undergo a secondary screening at the airport with trained healthcare staff.

District 3

Hō‘ae‘ae Community Park

Retail establishments should meet the following guidelines:

View List of Vaccination Providers

Testing for regular PCR (nose swab) will be conducted as it has been done previously. If one desires this testing, the attending doctor will determine who should be tested. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head here. Testing will be offered without charge for those without insurance.

Walk-in-and-wait transactions will not be offered. The public can continue to do express payment services, such as water bill payments and annual vehicle registration renewals, via online, mail-in or by 24/7 kiosk options.

This would free up appointment slots for transactions that can more efficiently be completed in-person, such as applying for a disability-parking permit, junking a vehicle or performing complicated motor vehicle transactions related to a lost title or difficult registrations.

Kāne‘ohe District Park

Plan to Make Your Vaccination Appointment

The special committee will convene to assess and advise the Senate regarding the State of Hawaii's COVID-19 plans and procedures for reopening the economy and the plans for economic recovery.

In 2020, the Coronavirus 19 (COVID-19) pandemic heightened these development goals, by shedding light on key areas that must be addressed to further our sustainable development goals and create a more sustainable Hawaii. The Sustainable Development Goals the State Senate are prioritizing are:

Kalākaua District Park

Ms. Angela Keen

Learn More About Variant Detection in Hawai‘i

You probably donʻt need an expert to tell you that the COVID-19 pandemic is taking a toll on our individual and collective mental health. Even for those of us lucky enough not to be touched by the actual virus, the impact on our daily lives is stressful at best. And for many facing unemployment and financial, work or family distress, it can be devastating. Some experts predict the mental health repercussions will last long after the virus is under control. Hawai‘i is staying ahead of the curve by ramping up counseling and an array of services to help residents experiencing anxiety, depression, panic or just feeling overwhelmed as the pandemic reaches the one-year milestone this month. Thatʻs the motivation and mission behind the Department of Health’s new program “Kū Makani—The Hawai‘i Resiliency Project.” This service launched in January and offers dedicated crisis counseling to callers facing emotional fallout related to the COVID-19 pandemic. There are also virtual events for individuals and groups of all ages as well as island-specific resources and referrals. “It is normal to experience difficulty with adapting to the new challenges of managing work, school, family, or home due to COVID-19, to feel isolated or anxious, or to worry about meeting basic needs like having enough food or access to healthcare,” says Kathleen Merriam, Team Leader for Kū Makani. “If you or someone you love needs support, don’t be afraid to reach out.” Kū Makani is named for the Hawaiian plant ʻaʻaliʻi kū makani—which grows well in strong winds, reflecting a spirit of resilience in challenging circumstances. The program was made possible through a partnership with CARE Hawaii, Inc. and funded by a $2 million federal government grant from the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) and the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA).

Are You Fully Vaccinated?

12:30 p.m. Airlines for America

Hawaii Quarantine Kapu Breakers

The committee will be meeting with the following to discuss enforcement of the 14-day quarantine and stay-at-home orders:

The Special Committee on COVID-19 will meet tomorrow with the following:

Certain designated businesses and operations in the City and County of Honolulu will be allowed to re-open on May 15, by following specific guidelines as detailed Emergency Order No. 2020-10. The Amended and Restated Stay at Home/Work from Home Order, now under the new name “Ho‘oulu i Honolulu” or “Restore Honolulu” Order, incorporates all prior Emergency Orders, including the wearing of non-medical grade face coverings, social distancing requirements, and the limited opening of City parks.

Effective Friday, June 19, indoor gatherings of up to ten individuals (regardless of household or living unit affiliation) would be allowed to resume on O‘ahu. Indoor events involving over 50 individuals are still prohibited.

Pālolo Valley District Park

GDP History, Outlook, and Potential Sector Growth:

If you miss your day, don’t worry, Thursdays through Sundays are open.

94-1480 Moaniani St, Waipahu

DPR is privileged to participate in the Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) in conjunction with Summer Fun.

1010 Pensacola St, Honolulu

For the other eight satellite city halls on O‘ahu, precautions are in place to ensure the safety of customers and employees, who will be required to wear facial coverings and remain six-feet apart from others during all in-office transactions.

Department of Transportation

Today the Hawai‘i Department of Health announced the state will extend COVID-19 vaccine eligibility to people age 60 and older beginning Monday, March 29.

Ala Wai Community Park

In the past two months, about 12.5% of Hawai‘i residents have received their first dose of a COVID-19 vaccine. We are making progress in administering the vaccinations to high-risk and top-priority groups. To date, slightly more than half, or 55%, of kūpuna age 75 and above have been vaccinated with at least one dose. Unfortunately, severe winter storms on the continental U.S. are affecting shipments to our islands this week and some appointments had to be postponed. We will keep distributing vaccines as soon as we get them--to reach as many Hawai‘i residents as possible as quickly as possible.

Kamehameha Community Park

Phase 2:

The COVID-19 vaccine is now available at the Neal Blaisdell Concert Hall for adults 75 years of age and older. Vaccinations are by appointment only.

‘Ewa Mahiko District Park

The City and County of Honolulu is pleased to announce it is supporting more drive-thru COVID-19 testing this week.

View the Latest Data on COVID-19 Cases and Vaccinations

The City and County of Honolulu announced that it has reopened its online appointment system for driver license and state identification card services.

Below are those online registration dates and procedures which are determined by geographic park district. All dates and times are Hawai‘i Standard Time:

Customers should NOT worry about their power being shut off due to nonpayment through the end of June, and any threat of immediate disconnection unless payment is made received before June 30 should be treated as a scam. Customers experiencing financial hardship because of the pandemic are urged to contact Hawaiian Electric to discuss payment arrangements and options.

Addressing the public health needs of the COVID-19 pandemic is another pillar to the comprehensive funding plan. “The Legislature’s plan devotes $100 million to distribute ample sanitation and PPE supplies for essential workers beyond the health care community including child care facilities, elderly care homes, small businesses, schools, and non-profits that work with populations vulnerable to the coronavirus,” said Senate President Ronald Kouchi.

Tracking Hawaiiʻs progress: How are we doing as a state?

Safety Protocols: The Senate is reinforcing pre-existing protocols and implementing several new measures to prevent and mitigate the spread of COVID-19 while maintaining an open and transparent legislative process.

Kaiser Permanente members must schedule an appointment through an e-Visit. For more information, please visit https://healthy.kaiserpermanente.org/hawaii/health-wellness/coronavirus-information/covid-vaccine . If you’re unable to schedule your appointment online, call (808) 432-2000 (TTY 711), Mon – Fri, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

The Senate's primary budgetary focus will be on deploying the existing federal CARES Act money,” said Senate President Kouchi.

Dr. Bruce Anderson, Director

Satellite city halls across O‘ahu will start reopening July 1 for regular in-office service on an appointment-only basis.

Kaiser Waipio Medical Office

Those whose last name starts with H through O should file on Tuesdays.

1:30 p.m.

Parking: No charge. Enter from King St. into Blaisdell Parking Lot. ADA accommodations available.

Tomorrow, May 8, Kalihi Kai Urgent Care will conduct testing at ʻEwa Beach Community Park. Testing will be from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.

‘Aiea District Park

Antibody testing determines whether a patient was exposed to COVID-19 and now has antibodies against the virus; it is not used to determine whether someone currently has the disease. The test also does not tell you whether or not you may be susceptible to getting COVID-19 again. Patients should discuss results with their healthcare provider to understand what the results mean for them.

Mākaha Community Park

The Hawai‘i State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 will hold a meeting beginning at 1 p.m. today, live on ‘Ōlelo channel 49 on O‘ahu and http://olelo.org/49. The State Capitol remains closed to the public.

Download the essential workers vaccination toolkit

Phase 2 similarly applies to the outdoor team sports included in Phase 1, but incorporates competitive team play.

2021-25-02-Commencement and Transition Ceremony Guidelines for School Year 2020-21.pdf (hawaiipublicschools.org)

DATE: Wednesday, August 19, 2020 TIME: 1:30 p.m. PLACE: Conference Room 211 THE STATE CAPITOL IS CLOSED TO THE PUBLIC DURING THE ONGOING COVID-19 EPIDEMIC A live stream of all Senate Standing Committee meetings will be available online. Selected hearings will also be broadcast live on ‘Ōlelo Community Media. AGENDA 1:30 p.m. Department of Human Resources Development (ZOOM) Mr. Ryker Wada, Director 2:00 p.m. Hawaii Emergency Management Agency (ZOOM) Major General Kenneth Hara, Incident Commander 3:00 p.m. Department of Education (ZOOM) [HARD STOP @ 4pm] Dr. Christina Kishimoto, Superintendent 4:00 p.m. Department of Health - Behavioral Health Services Administration (ZOOM) Mr. Edward Mersereau, Deputy Director No public testimony will be accepted. If you require other auxiliary aids or services to participate in the public hearing process (i.e., interpretive services (oral or written) or ASL interpreter), please contact the committee clerk at least 24 hours prior to the hearing so that arrangements can be made. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION, PLEASE CALL THE COMMITTEE CLERK AT (808) 586-6800.

The 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation, EXHIBIT G, lists the businesses/operations designated for re-opening, and outlines specific safety guidelines for each. It also includes county-specific requirements. For example, retail businesses on Oʻahu may not open until May 15, 2020, and Maui County will not allow retail, most repair shops and malls to reopen at this time.

Are you eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Hawaii?

The special committee will be meeting with the following:

Wahiawā District Park

Gov. Ige has approved Mayor Kirk Caldwell’s proposal to allow singing and/or playing of wind instruments at indoor and outdoor restaurants/bars, with some restrictions.

In order to balance the childcare needs of our island community with the safety guidelines established due to COVID-19, there will be significant changes to the number of keiki that our facilities and staff can accommodate, the activities offered, and overall program procedures:

Over 34,000 households are expected to receive help from the plan’s $100 million funded rental and housing assistance subsidies. The State’s most financially vulnerable households will receive rental assistance in the form of a $500 monthly subsidy or 50% of rent, whichever is lesser, for up to five months from August 1 to December 31.

Some changes include:

Throughout the 2021 Legislative Session, all Senate proceedings will be live-streamed on the Hawai‘i State Senate's YouTube page. In addition to the live streams, the Senate will continue working with public access television providers on all islands to broadcast Senate committee hearings and floor sessions. Members will be given the option to participate in all proceedings either in-person or remotely via videoconference. The public will have the opportunity to provide testimony in writing and via videoconference through the Legislature's website, allowing broader participation for those who previously were unable to get to the State Capitol.

The public is reminded that the parking lot at the Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be closed to the public until 3 p.m. to allow for breakdown of testing tents and clearing of cones and barriers. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Vaccine eligibility on all islands will expand Monday, April 5 to include essential workers in construction, banking and finance, communications, media, retail, information technology, clergy, and transportation and logistics.

Gov. Ige issued the initial emergency proclamation for COVID-19 on Mar. 4, 2020 followed by:

Crestview Community Park

Wai‘anae District Park

Hawaii Pacific Health is administering vaccines at the Pier 2 Cruise Terminal, located at 521 Ala Moana Blvd, Honolulu. As of today, February 25, 2021, all Oahu appointments are full. Additional appointments will be added as more vaccine becomes available. Please check https://www.hawaiipacifichealth.org/hph-covid-19-updates/vaccine-update/

Florists statewide will be allowed to deliver flowers starting this Friday. Gov. Ige has given permission for florists to get back to business May 1, this after the governor himself revoked just two days ago a special exemption florists got for a 10-day window around Mother’s Day.

Kaiser Permanente

Waialua District Park

The stay-at-home order means residents may leave their homes only for various essential needs, including healthcare, purchasing food, medicine, gasoline, taking care of the elderly, minors, or those with disabilities, returning to a place of residence outside of Hawai‘i, picking up educational materials for distance learning, receiving meals or other related services. Outdoor exercise is also permitted – including swimming, surfing and walking pets.

The DOE has created guidelines to set limits on the number of people who can greet graduates and where the celebrations can take place.

The emergency proclamation lifts the quarantine requirement for inter-island travelers effective 12:01 a.m. on June 16, 2020. However, it also leaves in place the quarantine requirement for out-of-state travelers. The governor has the authority to make exemptions for transit corridors/bubbles.

The Senate floor session will convene at 11:30 a.m. on Monday, June 22, with hearings getting underway that morning. The session is scheduled to adjourn on Friday, July 10. The new legislative timetable is available here: https://www.capitol.hawaii.gov/docs/2020calendar.pdf

All Residents 16+ Are Becoming Eligible April 19

Phase 1-B: Began in December and is expected to be completed in May, focuses on those over the age of 75 not included in phase 1-A and frontline essential workers. The list of frontline essential workers includes:

The State Capitol building will remain closed to the public at least through June 30, 2020. Entry into the building will continue to be limited through the main double glass doors on the basement level from 7:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., and the National Guard will continue temperature screening everyone entering the building. Entry will be limited to employees and authorized guests. For more details, please read the memo dated May 22, 2020, from the Comptroller: Revised - Capitol Security Access Procedures

The Hawai‘i State Senate Committee on Ways and Means today deferred pay raises for legislators and state officials this year that had been recommended by the Salary Commission prior to the COVID-19 pandemic.

In addition, running, jogging or walking on the beach will be permitted, as long as social distancing requirements are observed.

Mānana Community Park

For more information, please visit their website at librarieshawaii.org.

1. Patrons go to HSPLS Library Catalog and place a hold on any item(s) they want to borrow, or they may call their favorite library branch to place a hold with our staff.

Our Public Health Nurses aren’t able to visit every home with a COVID-19 patient. So they looked for another way to deliver the detailed information these patients and caregivers need. They brought this dilemma to state and community partners and brainstormed the best way to help. The Hawaii Emergency Management Agency (Emergency Support Function) ESF-8, Community Care/Outreach Unit team conducted extensive statewide surveys of residents and families, as well as health and social service providers, about their needs and concerns during this pandemic.

This year registration will be conducted primarily online thanks to new software developed by the Honolulu Department of Information Technology. The software is called Parks and Recreation Online System, or PROS, and works best using the Google Chrome web browser.

Starting today, more people are eligible to get vaccinated in Hawaii. People age 65 and older, individuals with high-risk medical conditions, as well as essential workers listed in phase 1C, now qualify to get the vaccine, though there will be an emphasis on certain groups. You can read more about that here, as well as register to get vaccinated: https://hawaiicovid19.com/vaccination-registration/

District 3 (Pearlridge to Waiʻanae to Wahiawā) - ph. (808) 768-6889

Online Registration begins Saturday, June 20 at 9 a.m.

All in-office transactions will be served on an appointment-only basis. Masks or face coverings are required during in-office visits.

12:00 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

Moanalua Community Park

Ms. Susan Ballard, Chief of Police

Members of the Hawaii Executive Collaborative will present on a tourism recovery plan to create a task force to establish a travel bubble corridor. The corridor is for travel by two regions, both of which contained the virus, and who agree to a quarantine-free travel zone.

The state Department of Transportation will require thermal screening at the airport for everyone traveling inter-island. HDOT will also require travelers to fill out a new form that will now also ask for health-related information to assist the state in tracking and responding to new COVID-19 cases.

The changes are related to:

AlohaSafe Alert works in a simple 5-step process: download, diagnose, verify, notify and quarantine. When you download the app, your phone will send random IDs out to other users with the app. If you test positive and anonymously share your diagnosis to the app, it will let others know instantly of exposure without any of your personal information at all. Let’s all work together to slow the spread of the virus and keep our community safe.

Please use this toolkit to help our community build confidence in COVID-19 vaccination. This information will help you and your workers stay educated and informed, as well as know what to expect when it's your turn to receive the vaccine. Essential workers can now register for an appointment at vaccination sites throughout the state.

Ms. Clare Connors, Attorney General

CVS/Longs Drugs

The Executive Office on Early Learning is working closely with the Department of Human Services and other agencies and stakeholders to coordinate early childhood care during the COVID-19 crisis. The departments have announced subsidy changes to its assistance program for families and providers and are encouraging more families to apply. Get more information about applying to Child Care Connection Hawai‘i online by clicking on this link - bit.ly/ApplyCCCH.

This software utilizes the same HNL.Info log-in that many O‘ahu residents already possess. We encourage the public to create an HNL.Info account and a PROS profile ahead of registration by visiting: https://pros.hnl.info.

Every1ne Hawaii - Mr. Robert Kurisu, Co-Founder

The amended bill notes that in expectation of an economic downturn due to COVID-19, “the State Council on Revenues lowered its fiscal year 2021 forecast from four per cent to zero per cent, meaning that the State will have about $225,000,000 less in revenues than expected.”

11:30 a.m. - Department of Taxation, Ms. Rona Suzuki, Director

3:30 p.m. Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

Test participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Out-of-state travelers arriving in Hawai‘i must get a PCR test prior to arrival from any testing location approved by the Hawai‘i State Department of Health. Evidence of a negative test result must be provided upon arrival in Hawai‘i. Without this, passengers arriving from out-of-state will be subject to the 14-day quarantine. No testing will be provided upon arrival at the airport.

The plan sets aside $230 million to support unemployed residents until the end of the year. “These critical funds will provide a new state unemployment insurance weekly benefit that replaces the weekly federal plus-up payments set to expire July 31,” explained Senator Dela Cruz, Chair of the Senate Ways and Means Committee. “Beginning August 1, an estimated 117,000 unemployed individuals will receive the State’s enhanced weekly unemployment benefit of $100.”

⚠️ You never have to pay to get your name on a vaccination list. ⚠️ You can’t pay to “jump the line” and get earlier access to the vaccine. ⚠️ No legitimate vaccine provider will call and ask for your Social Security, bank account or credit card number. Do not answer a call from an unknown number or from an unfamiliar location. If in doubt, hang up and report the call to SMP Hawaii at (808) 586-7281, or visit www.smphawaii.org to learn about recent scams. For more info https://hawaiicovid19.com/vaccinebeware/

Oahu (808) 832-3100 Neighbor Islands: Maui, Kauai & Hawaii 1 (800) 753-6879 Kū Makani crisis counseling hours: 4:00 p.m. - 9:00 p.m. Monday-Friday 9:00a.m. – 9:00 p.m. Saturday & Sunday

According to the Department of Health, the state is expected bring up its total amount of doses received to over 80,000 doses.

PRESCHOOL OPEN DOORS PROGRAM ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS

Mānoa Valley District Park

District 2

If you are in this vaccination group, please follow these instructions:

Mayor Caldwell’s proposal includes the Friday, May 29th resumption of operations with modifications for “personal service providers” including:

Food Service Program:

4. Anyone with unexplained respiratory illness since January 2020 who were never tested for COVID-19

Please note that there may be committee members or invited speakers participating remotely via video or teleconference.

Whitmore Community Park

The Hawaii State Legislature will reconvene next Monday, May 11th. This reconvened session is expected to be about 6-10 days to address state budget issues and for the Senate to take up confirmation hearings for various state boards and commissions. The Ways and Means and Finance Committees will need to consider an estimated $1 billion in budget cuts from the $8 billion general fund budget, while minimizing cuts to social services or pay cuts or furloughs. All meetings and hearings will be broadcast live on Olelo; however, the public will not be able to attend, and written testimony will be excepted via submission.

Antibody Testing will be through actual blood draw. Licensed practitioners will be on site to conduct this test, and the samples are sent to local labs for analysis and reporting. The testing will be free if covered by the patient’s insurance, but a charge of $40 will be made to each patient without insurance by local labs who will bill the patients. Those only taking part in the Antibody Testing will not need to self-quarantine. The following categories of individuals are encouraged to be tested by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi:

Download and Share Home Care Booklet

The bill defers all salary increases slated for this fiscal year for members of the legislature, the governor, lieutenant governor, justices and judges of all state courts, administrative director of the State or an equivalent position, and department heads or executive officers and the deputies or assistants to the department heads or executive officers of the departments.

Kauluwela Community Park

Mr. Ross Higashi, Deputy Director

Gov. Ige signed a 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation that authorizes the first group of businesses to re-open since the COVID-19 pandemic forced the temporary closure of non-essential businesses across the state on Mar. 25.

2. Healthcare Workers and First Responders

New resource! Booklet helps you and your loved ones develop a COVID-19 care plan

Anderson said he is optimistic the process will go well. He said the hospital is expecting another tray next week that is specifically allocated for second doses.

The Hawai‘i State Senate is scheduled to resume its 2020 session June 22 to July 10. Committees will be considering a limited number of critical bills that were put on hold when the Senate was forced to recess in mid-March due to COVID-19. The Senate will also be allocating additional federal funding from the CARES Act.

Kahala Community Park

The Legislature is currently in recess, pursuant to S.C.R. No. 244.

Ms. Jade Fountain-Tanigawa, County Clerk

Gov. David Ige signed a ninth supplementary emergency proclamation that extends the COVID-19 emergency period through July 31.

Letter to Mayor Caldwell

The City and County of Honolulu COVID-19 information call center remains open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on holidays. O‘ahu residents are encouraged to visit the website, oneoahu.org to get answers to frequently asked questions about Mayor Caldwell’s “Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order”. If they do not find an answer to their questions on the site, residents can call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov.

She says summer classes could also be held in-person. Additionally, the state Department of Education announced on February 25 that limited, in-person commencements can be held this year.

As vaccines become more widely available, the Hawaii Department of Health (HDOH) has suggested moving towards the second allocation phase for the COVID-19 vaccine. This means that the following Phase 1b essential workers will be given initial priority at this time:

Driver’s licensing and Satellite City Halls: All six of the driver licensing centers in the City and County of Honolulu are open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. The online appointment system for appoints for driver licenses and state identification services can be accessed at alohaq.org. The system has been revised to serve the greatest needs first. For assistance with making an appointment, call: (808) 768-4177. Masks or face coverings are required during all in-office visits. For more information, visit honolulu.gov.csd. The Kapahulu Vehicle Reconstruction Inspection Station in the City and County of Honolulu is open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. For assistance, call: (808) 768-4325.

The annual Hawaii State Judiciary juror questionnaires will soon be mailed to individuals who have a Hawaii state driver’s license or are registered to vote in Hawaii. Beginning August 3, approximately 235,000 juror questionnaires will be mailed to 85,000 residents on Oahu, 55,000 in Maui County, 70,000 on Hawaii Island, and 25,000 on Kauai. They are used to help select potential jurors who may be eligible to serve in 2021. Individuals are selected at random. Anyone receiving a questionnaire has 10 days to complete and return it to the Jury Pool Office in the envelope provided. Those who fail to respond may be penalized. To be eligible to serve as a juror, you must be at least 18 years old, a citizen of the United States, a resident of Hawaii, and able to read and understand English. The Hawaii State Department of Health is in varying stages of reviewing and approving the circuit courts’ health-and-safety plans to resume jury selection and jury trials. The plan includes touchless temperature scans and CDC-recommended screening questions before entering a courthouse; required face coverings; enforced social distancing measures; and increased cleaning and disinfecting of our facilities.

Clinic Hours of Operation : 8:00 am – 6:30 pm The line is open Monday – Friday, 7:30 am – 5 pm Closed Tuesday

New service simplifies COVID-19 vaccination registration process for kūpuna

The committee asked that he consider the public’s safety and issue a directive to judges to require bail prior to release and conditions such as ankle bracelets for quarantine violators.

3. Front line tourism industry workers with direct exposure to visitors

Mr. Jade Butay, Director

Neighborhood Board Commission: Neighborhood boards will resume public meetings beginning June 1. Physical distancing requirements are followed. For meeting information, please contact the NCO at 768-3710, email nco@honolulu.gov, or visit the office’s website at honolulu.gov/nco.

Under the CARES Act, Hawai'i has been given a total of $862,823,978 to support the State and smaller Counties. A separate allocation of $387,176,021 was provided to the City & County of Honolulu. The Senate has proposed allocating the funds in a responsible, prudent and conservative expenditure approach to meet both statewide and county needs. Below are some highlights. $175 million to support the various counties;

County of Maui

City and County of Honolulu’s proposal to Governor David Ige has been approved to allow for the safe reopening of the following designated business and operations with limitations as outlined in the replacement Exhibit A of the Emergency Order No. 2020-15 (Amendment to Ho‘oulu i Honolulu 3.0), effective Friday, June 19:

To report a possible self-quarantine violation, contact your county police department at 911. The police have access to all data pertaining to airport arrivals.

City and County of Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell announced a new emergency aid program for Oahu residents. Individuals under financial hardship will be eligible for up to $1,000 for basic needs such as rent and utilities, and up to an additional $500 for basic childcare. The program will begin on May 18.

1. Previous COVID-19 positive individuals and their families and close contacts

Leaders of the Hawaii State Teachers Association, Hawaii Government Employees Association, and United Public Workers agreed with a revised Hawaiʻi State Department of Education recommendation to the school board that will adjust the 2020–21 school year calendar, and start students later - from the original August 4 date to August 17. The deal will need the approval of the Hawaiʻi Board Of Education, which will hold a special meeting this Thursday, July 30, at 1 p.m. Ten-month DOE employees will still report to work as planned on Wednesday, July 29. According to HSTA, the agreement would give educators nine (9) additional days of training and preparation time on top of the regularly scheduled two (2) administration days and two (2) teacher preparation days between July 29 and Aug. 3. The extra time “would allow for training, planning, and preparation for the safe return of students to classrooms.” News of the agreement was shared by the unions to its membership, and a statement from Superintendent Dr. Christina Kishimoto was also posted to the DOE website. “HIDOE leadership has been working with the unions throughout the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure our students get the education they deserve and our employees have a safe work environment,” Dr. Kishimoto said. “We have continued these conversations and reached a conditional agreement today to propose a delayed start for students to accommodate concerns regarding employee training.” “Throughout our discussions, we were mindful that any adjustments to the calendar must focus on educating and supporting students,” Kishimoto said. “We also acknowledge the voice of our families, partners and employees who are not represented by the unions yet are impacted by this decision.” “We will use this time to prepare at yet another level, but I recognize this comes at a cost for public school parents and our students,” the Superintendent concluded. “My expectation is that if the Board approves the two week delay, that our labor partners will do an aggressive push to their members to be at schoolhouse doors on day one for our students.”

Mr. Glen Takahashi, City Clerk

12:45p.m. Department of the Attorney General - Ms. Clare Connors, Attorney General

Testing is being done from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. today, April 22 at The Church of Jesus Christ of the Latter-Day Saints in Wahiawā. Testing will be made available to those without insurance as well. For more information on this testing, please call Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Testimony will be provided by Hawaii Executive Collaborative members Paul Yonamine, Duane Kurisu, and Lori Teranishi. Please note that there may be committee members or invited speakers participating remotely via video or teleconference.

Do you have questions about the COVID-19 vaccines? Learning more about vaccines is an important step to protect our community. Stay updated with the latest information on the COVID-19 vaccines at http://hsalinks.com/3cDLQzT.

**Phase 1-C: Is scheduled to begin in March and run through May, focusing on those ages 65 to 74, as well as those with chronic diseases and essential workers not previously included in Phase 1-A or 1-B. Please check https://hawaiicovid19.com/vaccine/ or https://www.oneoahu.org/vaccine for updates on when this group will be eligible to register for the vaccine.

Department of Transportation – Airports Division

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. The meeting will also be livestreaming on olelo.org/49.

The COVID-19 vaccine is now available at vaccination clinics at Honolulu and Waipio Medical Offices, only for Kaiser Permanente members 75 years of age and older. Vaccinations are by appointment only.

Waipahū District Park

To learn more about #AlohaSafeAlert app, visit alohasafealert.org.

The AlohaSafe Alert app was developed in partnership with the state Department of Health (DOH), aio Digital, Hawai‘i Executive Collaborative and Every1ne Hawaiʻi, to reduce the spread of COVID-19 by notifying users if they have been potentially exposed to the virus.

Kalama Beach Park

Test participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them.

The 2020 Summer Fun Program will not require any fees or payment on the part of the participating families. In the past, Summer Fun registration was done in-person as a result of these prior payments. This resulted in eager parents waiting for hours, sometimes days, at various park locations to secure a spot for their keiki.

https://www.cvs.com/immunizations/covid-19-vaccine

District 2 (Makiki to ʻAiea) - ph. (808) 768-9292

This is also a wonderful resource for any and everyone wanting to learn more about COVID prevention and best practices, such as mask hygiene, recognizing symptoms and contact tracing. Download the Home Care for Persons with COVID-19 booklet or find it under Guidance Documents on HawaiiCOVID19.com/resources/#guidance-documents.

No public testimony will be accepted.

Locations:

O‘ahu residents with a hardship or special need outside these parameters can call (808) 768-4177 for assistance.

Clinic Hours of Operation: Monday - Friday 8:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m. Closed 12 p.m. - 1:00 p.m. Saturday 8 a.m. to noon Closed Sunday

The City’s COVID-19 information call center remains open every day from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., except on holidays. Oahu residents are encouraged to visit the website, oneoahu.org for more information on Proclamations, Emergency Orders, Business Resources, and Financial and Housing Assistance Programs in the City and County of Honolulu. If you do not find what you are looking for on the site, please feel free to call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov.

The latest proclamation also allows residents to leave their homes to patronize certain businesses and activities under the new “Safer-at-Home” order.

Hawaii Pacific Health

3:00 p.m. Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery & Resiliency Plan

City and County of Honolulu

Sign up for an easy way to stay informed about getting a COVID-19 vaccine at VA at https://www.va.gov/health-care/covid-19-vaccine/stay-informed. When you sign up, the VA will also ask about your vaccine plans. Your local VA health facility may use this information to determine when to contact you once your risk group becomes eligible. The VA will contact every eligible Veteran in each risk group. You don’t need to sign up to get a vaccine. For more information, visit https://www.va.gov/health-care/covid-19-vaccine/

District 1

Here’s how it works:

Agenda for today's meeting found below. Watch it live on Olelo 49.

The 2020 SFSP is sponsored by the United States Department of Agriculture, and will provide lunch to Summer Fun participants 18 years and younger. SFSP will begin on July 6 and run through July 17 at select, qualified Summer Fun sites. Those participating will be listed on DPR’s website: http://bit.ly/SummerFunOahu

Mililani District Park

The survey will help the Department of Health determine the number of vaccine doses that are required for essential workers in each organization and to streamline the scheduling process and administration of the vaccines.

Leaders from the Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project joined Mayor Caldwell to announce a new program to provide support for the psychological well-being and mental health needs of individuals seeking help during the COVID-19 pandemic. The program, conceptualized by Dr. Lawrie Ignacio and Dr. Graham Taylor and coordinated by the Hawai‘i Psychological Association, offers free mental health services provided by a Pro Bono Service Provider to uninsured residents on Oʻahu and throughout the state. The Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project is a multi-disciplinary initiative that unites several mental health care communities with the common goal of ensuring that more Hawai‘i residents have access to quality mental health care. To ensure proper physical distancing during the Mayor’s “Ho’oulu i Honolulu” Order, all therapy and counseling services under the program will be provided exclusively via online telehealth platforms. People can access the service on a first-come, first-serve basis by logging on to https://www.hawaiipsychology.org/ and clicking on the “Please click HERE for more information” link under the heading: Hawai'i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project. The link will direct the individual seeking services to a description page outlining the terms of the Project, where he or she can then click on another link to submit a request for services. Once a request is submitted, the individual seeking services will be contacted by a Project coordinator who will assist in linking the individual to an available provider. The Project coordinators are asking for patience up front from those seeking mental health services provided by the Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project, as mental health providers are in high demand and matching requests with available providers at any given time may require a waiting period. The program does not offer a triage service, so interested residents may need to contact other community mental health services in order to secure timely services. Additionally, services being provided through the Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project are not suitable for urgent and crisis situations as the Project will not be able to immediately connect individuals in severe distress with an available provider. Those experiencing severe distress, or an emergency, are asked to call emergency and crisis personnel who can provide an immediate response. Along with the City’s 768-CITY information helpline, the City also created a website at www.oneoahu.org to provide information about Mayor Caldwell’s Emergency Order, provide updates on the availability of City services, and direct residents to quality, trusted COVID-19 healthcare information. For residents who do not find the information they are looking for on the website, residents can also email covidresponse@honolulu.gov to ask questions and get a response from City staff. To learn more about the Hawai‘i Mental Health Pro Bono COVID-19 Project visit https://www.hawaiipsychology.org/.

The public is reminded that parking lots at the two sites will be closed to the public until 2 p.m. to allow for breakdown of testing tents and clearing of cones and barriers. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Fern Community Park

Wailupe Community Park

Mr. Sean Williams, Vice President

Antibody testing determines whether a patient had COVID-19 and now has antibodies against the virus; it is not used to determine whether someone currently has the disease. The test also does not tell you whether or not you may be susceptible to getting COVID again. Patients should discuss results with their healthcare provider to understand what the results mean for them.

As Hawai‘i continues to vaccinate our community and work toward herd immunity, it is important for every resident to understand the importance of getting vaccinated to protect ourselves and those around us.

Mr. Rodrigo Romo, Program Director

Reconstructed vehicle inspection is another in-office visit that will be served strictly on an appointment-only basis.

COVID-19 testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex and Kakaʻako Waterfront Park will be available this weekend. Drive-thru testing for COVID-19 will be offered at both locations, but a new Antibody Testing will be offered as well.

Hawaii Technology Development Corporation

Mr. Scott Nago, Chief Election Officer

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency - Ms. Alexandra Slous, State Disaster Recovery Coordinator

The state Department of Labor and Industrial Relations is kicking off an alphabetical system to ease the burden on the antiquated technology that has crashed multiple times over the past few weeks.

To view the guidelines, head here - https://health.hawaii.gov/coronavirusdisease2019/files/2020/04/What-To-Do-If-You-Have-Been-Tested-For-COVID19_040120.pdf.

Mr. Jon Henricks, County Clerk

The COVID-19 Hardship Relief program will provide funding support to Oahu residents with amounts up to $1,000 per month for qualified household expenses, and up to $500 per month for qualified childcare expenses to aid in lessening economic hardships caused by the pandemic. Each household may receive continued benefits as hardship continues, up to 6 months.

Approach to Job Creation:

Hawai‘i seniors age 75+ may make appointments for both required doses via CVS.com or through the CVS Pharmacy app. Those without online access can call customer service: (800) 746-7287. CVS cannot administer vaccinations to walk-in customers without an appointment.

Honolulu Police Department

The partnering pharmacies throughout the state include: ElixRx Pharmacy, 5 Minute Pharmacy, Foodland Pharmacy, KTA Pharmacy, Pharmacare Hawaii, The Queen’s Medical Center Pharmacy, and Times Pharmacy. As of Friday, the DOH has administered more than 56,000 vaccines and has received 152,650 doses from Moderna and Pfizer-BioNTech combined.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick-up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also stream live online at olelo.org/49.

The Hawaii State Department of Education (HIDOE) Grab-and-Go school meals program will be extended at select meal sites for an extra four days beyond the end of the school year on May 28 and transition to the summer meal program which runs through July 17. Certain schools will provide meals to children 18 years or younger, free of charge, regardless of eligibility for free or reduced price meals.

The special committee will convene to discuss the impact of COVID-19 on the upcoming elections. Specific topics include the number of Voter Service Centers, available drop boxes, and the steps being taken to ensure the health and safety of voters.

Kamilo Iki Community Park

Swanzy Beach Park

Queen’s Health Systems

For Fitness facilities to reopen, operators must limit occupancy to no more than fifty percent of the maximum occupant load, establish physical distancing guidelines (at least six feet), limit locker room access and the number of persons who use amenities of the facilities at the same time, and keep water fountains closed, except for those designed to refill water bottles in a contact-free manner.

For those who do not have computer or internet access, accommodations are available to facilitate their registration into the program. Please call the Summer Fun site for those accommodations. A list of the 65 program sites is included at the bottom of this announcement for your convenience.

Click HERE to read the full press release.

4:15 p.m. Department of Taxation

Library Take Out service is not available at the following libraries: Liliha, McCully, Pearl City and the Hawaii State Library. No book donations will be accepted at this time.

Phase 1c:

More COVID-19 testing will be available at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex and Kakaʻako Waterfront Park this weekend. Drive-thru testing for COVID-19 will be offered at both locations, but a new Antibody Testing will be offered as well.

For each location, follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. This is part of an effort to do focused testing in communities across Oʻahu. Results of the testing will be used to identify COVID-19 “Hot Spots” to help in their containment.

To help lessen demand for appointments, 50,000 letters were sent to O‘ahu residents who qualify to renew their driver licenses or state identification cards either online or by mail. In addition, the federal government announced in April that the start date for REAL ID enforcement has been extended by 12 months to Oct. 1, 2021.

Public Access: Since the State Capitol building will be closed to the public, the Senate will be conducting all committee hearings and floor session virtually. Members of the public will have the opportunity to provide testimony in writing and via videoconference, allowing broader participation by those who previously were not able to get to the State Capitol.

Mr. Scott Glenn, Chief Energy Officer

Booth District Park

1:00 p.m. - Department of Health, Dr. Bruce Anderson, Director

The letter to the Chief Justice states the concern “that the quarantine orders are being flouted once travelers leave the airport” and that when violators “appear before a judge, often the violators are released on their own recognizance without any measures to ensure no further violations happen.”

Kalihi Valley District Park

Pearl City District Park

“Disturbingly, we have also received reports that the City and County of Honolulu have avoided addressing these public concerns of non-compliance with regularity,” the letter says, and requests that the administration make enforcement of the quarantine “a priority by investigating and arresting people who violate them in our community, including returning residents and vacation rentals…”

Kaiser Honolulu Medical Office

McCully District Park

AlohaSafe Alert: Add your phone to fight against COVID-19

The COVID-19 vaccine is now available at vaccination clinics at Pier 2 Cruise Terminal for adults 75 years of age and older. Vaccinations are by appointment only.

The Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order allows residents of the City and County of Honolulu to shop at retail businesses and shopping malls that comply with specific operations guidelines that includes allowing all persons in these establishments to maintain physical/social distancing and health and safety standards.

Kahuku Community Park

The committee will be meeting with the following:

The Pfizer vaccine was the first vaccine to go into the arms of Hawaii’s healthcare workers, and ideally the second would go 21 days after.

These are just a few of the requirements and conditions for reopening and resuming operations. The full list for each business, service, or activity is included in the Amendment to Ho‘oulu i Honolulu 3.0.

Click here to read more from Civil Beat.

For information on the testing with Transformation Health Network, call 854-3566.

Who is eligible to get the vaccine and how do I sign-up?

These businesses/operations are required to follow the social distancing requirements in the 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation. They also are encouraged to follow the applicable guidelines recommended by the Centers for Disease Control. Generally, this means they must implement physical distancing requirements such as capacity limits and ensuring 6 feet or more between individuals using floor markings and signage; limit in-person work when possible; reduce the number of high-touch surfaces and objects as much as possible; reconfigure workplace to enable physical distancing if possible; communicate health and safety protocols to all employees, customers and visitors.

Pu‘unui Community Park

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency, Dr. Steven Hankins, Lead Coordinator

There will be no discrimination in the course of the meal service, as they will be served regardless of race, color, creed, national origin, sex, or disability.

How to Register for the Vaccine

Makiki District Park

Hālawa District Park

The Hawai‘i State Senate’s 2020 session was originally scheduled to take place from January 15 to May 7, but the Senate was forced to recess in mid-March due to the COVID-19 emergency. The Senate held a two week reconvene on May 11 to pass time-sensitive budget bills and nominations from the governor.

Waimānalo Beach Park

These new practices and protocols have been adopted in accordance with CDC guidelines, the City and County of Honolulu’s tiered reopening system and are subject to change.

Location: Pier 2 Cruise Terminal 521 Ala Moana Blvd, Honolulu

Hawaii Pacific University - Mr. John Y. Gotanda, President

These businesses and operations will be allowed to reopen under guidelines and conditions to ensure safety for both employees of these establishments and customers/clients. For example, Bars may reopen with operators ensuring limiting occupancy to no more than fifty percent of the maximum occupant load of the bar, limiting groups within the bar to a maximum of ten individuals per group, and ensuring groups within the bar maintain at least six feet of separation from other groups.

Dr. Sarah Park, State Epidemiologist

For more information, visit honolulu.gov/csd.

The result is this newly released Home Care for Persons with COVID-19 booklet. Presenting expert advice from trusted sources, the booklet saves Hawaii’s families valuable time trying to search out information and wondering who they can trust. Families can quickly find answers to specific and urgent issues, such as how to take a temperature or use a pulse oximeter and when to call 9-1-1. The easy-to-read booklet also includes a statewide directory of community resources, including isolation and quarantine assistance, crisis and mental health services and foodbanks.

Kāne‘ohe Community Park

Longs Drugs pharmacies begin offering COVID-19 vaccinations daily

For more information, visit www.honolulu.gov/csd

The Honolulu Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) is excited to announce a modified version of Summer Fun will be held this year. The program will be offered at no charge to O‘ahu families with Mayor Caldwell waiving the fees for the summer day camp.

Kalaniana‘ole Beach Park

Here is a breakdown of what is now permitted in Tier 3:

District 4 (Waialua to Waimānalo) - ph. (808) 768-8980

The Hawai‘i Department of Human Services (DHS) is assisting eligible families to better-afford preschool for the 2021-2022 school year.

THOUSANDS IN HAWAIʻI EXPECTED TO BENEFIT FROM EMERGENCY FOOD STAMPS, PANDEMIC SCHOOL MEAL PROGRAM

Beretania Community Park

If you are a senior age 75 or older, you are now eligible to register for the COVID-19 vaccine. Medical personnel and frontline workers in Phase 1b are also being vaccinated and will be contacted by their employer to schedule their COVID-19 vaccination. Visit the registration directory at HERE.

Natural Energy Laboratory of Hawaii Authority

This week the Hawai‘i Department of Health (DOH) launched a new service to help O‘ahu's older adults book their COVID-19 vaccination appointments.

Gov. Ige announced all travelers arriving in Hawai‘i from out-of-state will be required to get a valid COVID-19 test prior to their arrival, and to show proof of a negative test result, to avoid the 14-day quarantine. The pre-travel testing program begins Aug. 1.

1:30 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

Participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information including insurance if available and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head here.

Enchanted Lake Community Park

Salt Lake District Park

“We are closely monitoring current and projected vaccination numbers, appointment availability and most importantly the amount of vaccine allocated to the people of Hawai‘i,” said State Health Director Dr. Libby Char. “Our analysis of these indicators tells us it is time to expand vaccine eligibility to more people.”

If you are having difficulty filing your unemployment insurance 24/7, you may be clicking on the wrong link. Follow these steps to complete your filing and avoid error messages:

A new executive order issued by President Joe Biden will provide more Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program or SNAP benefits, commonly known as food stamps, to the most needy families, according to an update provided by US Senator Brian Schatz (D-Hawai‘i).

In regards to outdoor organized team sports, the Mayor’s Order includes two phases to ensure the safety of coaches, athletes, trainers, and everyone else involved. Phase 1 applies to outdoor team sports such as baseball, soccer, outdoor volleyball, and similar outdoor team sports. Under the amended Exhibit A of the City’s Order, starting Friday, June 19, activities would be allowed to resume under specific conditions. Those requirements include but are not limited to, limiting the activity to skill-building drills and team-based practice only, in which physical distancing of six feet or more between individuals may generally be maintained and groups are limited to a single Sports Program team, or a maximum of 30 players, whichever is less.

With more vaccine shipments en route, the Hawai‘i Department of Health is expanding the pool of people eligible to receive a COVID-19 shot. Beginning this coming Monday, March 8, all Hawai‘i residents age 70 and up are eligible to receive the vaccine. Learn where you can make your vaccination appointment HERE.

Learn more about the Kūpuna Call Center

On Tuesday, May 12, Transformation Health Network will conduct testing in the parking lot at Kalihi Union Church, 2214 North King Street from 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Entry will be from the driveway on Umi Street. Walk-up individuals are welcome also.

Qualified expenses will be paid directly to the vendor on behalf of the applicant.

The COVID-19 vaccine is now available at the Neal Blaisdell Concert Hall located at 777 Ward Avenue, Honolulu. Vaccinations are by appointment only, no walk-ins will be allowed at this time. For more information, please visit https://covid.queens.org/vaccination/

Essential workers across the state are next in line to receive the vaccine. To help ensure the proper number of dosages are available for essential workers, the Department of Health has issued anonline survey for businesses and other organizations to complete if they employ essential workers. The state’s vaccination plan defines “essential workers” as:

Travelers may be prohibited from boarding a flight if they have an elevated temperature above 100.4 degrees, they refuse to complete the mandatory form, or they are on the 14-day quarantine list prohibiting them from flying.

Hawaii Tourism Authority

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 16, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 17, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

The full list of commencement guidelines can be viewed here.

POD aims to assist low-income and moderate-income families with a subsidy that provides their children the opportunity to attend preschool. Preschool and other early learning opportunities help children gain essential skills, be prepared for school, and chart a course for lifelong success. Interested families may access the application from the department’s POD contractor, PATCH, by visiting patchhawaii.org or calling (808) 791-2130. They may also call toll-free at 1-800-746-5620.

Another $56 million will be used to bring back small businesses, support training and job programs connecting unemployed with local businesses in need of employees, and provide manufacturing grants to local companies that can create local supply chains for necessary cleaning supplies and personal protection equipment (PPE).

Grave site visits are also being added as an Essential Activity. All of the added reopening of certain businesses are with limitations. The restated Stay at Home Order incorporates prior orders, including but not limited to, ordering all individuals living within the City to stay at their place of residence except for Essential Activities, Governmental Functions, or to operate Essential Businesses, mandating employees and visitors of Essential Businesses to wear a non-medical grade face covering mandate, and the ban of all public and private gatherings of any number of people occurring outside a single household or living unit.

Dr. Edward Desmond, Administrator

Who is eligible to get the vaccine right now?

AlohaSafe Alert is a free and voluntary new service that helps slow the spread of COVID-19. It is the State of Hawaii’s official exposure notification app and has been developed in partnership with the Hawai‘i Department of Health. Add your phone to the fight to stop COVID-19 and protect your family, friends, co-workers, neighbors and community.

Are you caring for someone with COVID-19? Would you like to be prepared in the event a friend, family member or loved one should test positive? Most COVID-19 patients recover at home, so this new online booklet is here to support you! A few months into the pandemic, Hawaii’s Public Health Nurses and community outreach partners started to notice a growing challenge in the neighborhoods they serve. When someone tests positive for COVID-19, family members suddenly become caregivers. With little knowledge or guidance, many don’t know where to begin when it comes to caring for a loved one while keeping the rest of the family safe and healthy.

The Health Department is still in the process of developing this program but anticipates requiring an FDA-approved PCR test from a CLIA certified laboratory. Travelers will be required to provide printed or emailed pre-test certification as evidence of a negative test result. Travelers will be responsible for the cost of the pre-travel test.

Since in-office visits were suspended nine weeks ago, more than 44,000 driver license and state ID appointments had to be canceled.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be streamed live online at olelo/org/49.

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, June 27, by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing will be from 8 a.m. – 2 p.m.

View 5 Things You Can Do to Avoid Vaccine Scams

On weekends and holidays, that time is from 9 a.m. to 11 p.m.

This COVID-19 vaccination toolkit for essential workers is an informational resource to help Hawai‘i companies educate their employees. The facts in these flyers and handouts can be used to initiate and continue conversations about the importance of getting the COVID-19 vaccine.

Phase 1a:

Due to the recent uptick in COVID-19 cases, drive-thru testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be available this weekend.

Phase 1b:

Department of Environmental Services: Regular curbside refuse, green waste, and recycling service is still being conducted. Convenience centers and transfer stations remain open. Please note, all in-person services are suspended. Visit opala.org for more information.

Changes to the amended Stay at Home Order add the limited reopening of certain designated businesses and operations such as:

View Fast Facts About the COVID-19 Vaccine

Mr. David Sikkink, Administrator

‘Ewa Beach Community Park

The legislative branch will reopen beginning June 1, 2020. Each Senate office and support staff office will be expected to resume normal business hours on that date. For more details, please read the memo dated May 22, 2020, from the Senate President: Reopening of Legislative Branch - June 1, 2020

Look for registration opportunities available through links posted on HawaiiCOVID19.com/vaccination-registration and from healthcare providers around the state.

View Directory of Vaccination Providers

Please be ready to show your registration within the hour.

Starting Monday, April 19 all Hawai‘i residents age 16+ will be eligible for COVID-19 vaccination. This means 300,000 people will be newly eligible, bringing the total to more than 650,000 people in our state who are eligible and still unvaccinated.

University of Hawaii – School of Nursing and Dental Hygiene - Dr. Mary G. Boland, Dean

Are you eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Hawaii? Search by zip code to find a location near you and see which vaccines are being offered at each location! Find COVID-19 vaccines at local pharmacies near you at https://vaccinefinder.org/search/.

SafePaths - Mr. Michael Kamida, Technical Lead and Liaison

SUPERINTENDENT SAYS SCHOOLS COULD REALISTICALLY REOPEN FULLY IN FALL 2021; SOME HIGH SCHOOLS CAN HOLD LIMITED IN-PERSON COMMENCEMENT CEREMONIES

The City and County of Honolulu will soon be launching the COVID-19 Hardship Relief Program to help those most economically impacted by shutdowns to prevent the spread of the coronavirus. Scheduled to launch on May 18, the relief fund can be used to assist with basic needs including as rent, eligible utilities, childcare, and other essential expenses.

The Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order can be found here.

Aloha Trace - Mr. Brandon Kurisu, Coalition Representative

Lanakila District Park

In addition, travelers will be required to fill out the State Travel and Health form.

‘Āhuimanu Community Park

‪Starting 5 a.m. Saturday, City parks will be reopened to exercise only. Exercise includes running, walking, jogging and biking. However, no camping, using tennis courts, basketball courts, play equipment, off-leash dog parks, baseball, volleyball, etc.

Mr. Len Higashi, Acting Executive Director

Vehicle registrations can be renewed online, at self-service kiosks inside select Safeway and Foodland stores, as well as by mail. More information on these options is available at the Department of Customer Services website.

Kilauea District Park

Mayor Kirk Caldwell announced that certain Oauhu businesses will be allowed to open with limitations. This Order is effective from 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, April 30 through 4:30 p.m. on May 18.

Appointments can be made on AlohaQ.org.

For non-pandemic counseling and services, including crisis support, mental health resources and substance use treatment services, you may always call the Hawai‘i CARES hotline 24/7 at 1 (800) 753-6879 or text “ALOHA” to 741741.

Department of Parks and Recreation: City parks, courts, fields and parking lots are open. City skate parks and off-leash dog parks will reopen on Friday, May 29. The Koko Head Shooting Complex, city archery ranges, People’s Open Markets, and pools (lap swim only) are scheduled to reopen on Friday, June 5. The five Honolulu Botanical Gardens are open for passive use. This means no camping, garden tours, or recreational programs will be offered at that time. Other park facilities remain closed to the public, such as: playgrounds, campgrounds, gyms, and recreation buildings. Please be advised that lifeguards are not stationed in their regular towers but are instead on roving patrols. Stand-alone comfort stations are open but they will be closed during cleaning, maintenance, and regular park closure hours. For more information, please visit honolulu.gov/parks.

Ms. Kathy Sokugawa, Acting Director

At least 25,000 in Hawaii have been vaccinated for COVID-19 and the state is now preparing to administer the second dose to thousands of healthcare workers.

Mr. Scott Murakami, Director

*ALL VACCINES ADMINISTERED ARE BY APPOINTMENT ONLY*

“The 21 days is the standard recommendation,” she said. “The Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices said it’s acceptable to get it as early as 17 days after the first dose of Pfizer vaccine. And there is no confirmed time period after 21 days that would require starting again.

Currently, the CVS website lists people over the age of 75 as eligible to receive a vaccine. If you qualify under this requirement, you may schedule an appointment on the CVS website after completing a short questionnaire. Pharmacies will have either the Pfizer or Moderna vaccine based on availability. For more information, contact (800) 746-7287 or visit https://www.cvs.com/immunizations/covid-19-vaccine

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 53 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. The meeting will also be streamed live online at olelo.org/53.

Online Registration begins Thursday, June 18 at 6 p.m.

State expands eligibility to more Phase 1c essential workers on Monday

11:00 a.m. Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

The Preschool Open Doors (POD) program application period began earlier in January and is open through March 31, 2021. Funds are limited, so DHS encourages families to apply as soon as possible.

‘Āina Haina Community Park

PLEASE NOTE: Sites and availability change rapidly, please refer to https://www.oneoahu.org/vaccine for more information.

The Legislature’s proposed plan builds upon UHERO’s estimates that $618 million in spending will generate more than $1 billion in Gross Domestic Product over the coming year and help Hawaiʻi’s households and businesses by supporting up to 6,500 jobs. The plan provides discretion to the Ige Administration to spend the remaining CARES funds to pay for unanticipated and emerging needs. This discretionary amount could be used to bolster Hawaiʻi’s unemployment insurance funds or support COVID-19 related programs.

This software was successfully used for shooters to make reservations at the Koko Head Shooting Complex beginning on Wednesday, June 3, and will serve a larger capacity in DPR registration and reservations in the future.

View Vaccine Registration Directory

To qualify for the program, children must be eligible to enter kindergarten in the 2022-2023 school year (born between Aug. 1, 2016, and July 31, 2017). If awarded a subsidy, families may use any one of the 409 state-licensed preschools. DHS also gives priority to underserved or at-risk children. Preschool Open Doors provides subsidies to eligible families to help pay preschool tuition.

Asing Community Park

Gov. Ige announced that the state will be lifting the 14-day quarantine requirement for inter-island travelers, effective June 16.

The governor is expected to extend the 14-day quarantine for travelers through June 30. This comes as the governor announced that he intends to continue Hawaii’s safer-at-home order through June 30. The Hawaii Tourism Authority, Department of Transportation, and other state agencies are working with the airlines to toughen the entry restrictions, to include revising the visitor arrival form, requiring the flight crew to complete the form, seeking to confirm return flights, increasing the screening staff at airports, stiffening hotel quarantines, enforcing rules on car rentals, and confirming hotel or home stays, among others. The COVID-19 committee met with the Police Chief, representatives from the Courts, and the Prosecutor's Office to coordinate enforcement of the 14-day quarantine. There were general agreements for a maximum bail of $2,000 for quarantine violators. Arraignment would be done virtually within 48-72 hours. Police statistics for Emergency Proclamation violations from March 20 to May 14 included 9,313 warnings, 5,244 citations, and 292 arrests.

Makakilo Community Park

More information will be made available on the Capitol website: www.capitol.hawaii.gov.

Learn More About Kū Makani FREE Mental Health Resources

The number of COVID-19 cases in Hawai‘i has been declining and our current positivity rate is now under 1%. This is an encouraging sign that Hawai‘i is making headway in our battle against the coronavirus. Many sacrifices have been made to get us to where are today, and we can celebrate fewer hospitalizations and healthier communities.

On May 14, the Senate was briefed on the State Administration’s proposal for $1.25 billion appropriated under the federal Coronavirus Aid Relief & Economic Security (CARES) Act. Senate Bill 75 SD2 HD1 passed out of the House Finance Committee and will now head to the full House for a vote next week. Concerns remain regarding how agencies will spend these funds, such as economic support to those most affected during this pandemic.

The six driver licensing centers on O‘ahu reopened May 26 for in-office visits also on an appointment-only basis.

This partnership is an effort to continue the momentum in vaccinating residents and caregivers of small residential care homes throughout the state.

Attendance Limits:

Safety Protocols:

District 1 (Hawaiʻi Kai to McCully) - ph. (808) 768-8944

This voluntary application is free and can be downloaded now from both the Apple and Google Play stores. Once downloaded, the app uses Bluetooth technology to anonymously communicate with other phones that have the application. The devices will “ping” one another, measuring the strength of the Bluetooth signal, distance of each device, and the duration of the contact. The more people who use the app, the safer and healthier we will make our community. If an individual is diagnosed with COVID-19, they will receive a text message from the Department of Health with a verification code to input into the app. This code will anonymously notify other devices about their possible COVID-19 exposure. The notification will not disclose any personally identifying information such as where, how, or when they were exposed. To trigger a notification alert, devices must have been within 6 feet of each other for at least 15 minutes in the past 14 days. If someone receives a notification from AlohaSafe Alert that they may have been exposed to COVID-19, they are recommended to self-quarantine, and get tested. According to the AlohaSafe website:

The order also includes a 15 percent increase in benefits for families of the more than 93,500 Hawai‘i students who qualify for free or reduced-priced school meals and are currently receiving Pandemic Electronic Benefit Transfer (P-EBT) benefits due to COVID-19 related school closures, as well as a directive for food assistance benefits to be updated to reflect the true cost of a healthy diet.

Koko Head District Park

Select Longs Drugs locations are now offering the COVID-19 vaccine to those eligible and by appointment only. Longs Drugs Pharmacy Aiea will be participating in this program, but active stores may change based on vaccine availability. The list of specific stores will be available on CVS.com as stores receive shipments and appointments become available. As of today, February 25, 2021, the Aiea Longs location located at 98-1005 Moanalua Rd #400 Aiea, HI 96701 has appointments available for vaccinations.

Appointments can be made at AlohaQ.org. The system will allow appointments only for those licenses expiring in June. (This includes licenses and state IDs with March expiration dates that were previously granted a 90-day extension under a state emergency order.) Later in the month, open appointment slots will be offered driver licenses and state IDs with July expiration dates. (This would include those with April expiration dates that were similarly extended by emergency order to July.)

2:15 p.m. - Department of Human Resources Development, Mr. Ryker Wada, Director

For more information on the testing run by Kalihi Kai Urgent Care, call (808) 841-2273.

This plan provides stakeholders from the whole community with the operational information needed to prepare their organizations to support the HDOH COVID-19 Vaccination Program. The HDOH COVID-19 Vaccination Core Planning Team recommends that stakeholders develop/update standard operating procedures (SOPs), as well as supporting plans and procedures, and continue outreach efforts throughout Hawaii to prepare the public for the COVID-19 Vaccination Program as vaccines become more widely available.

Mā‘ili Community Park*

Ms. Kathy Kaohu, County Clerk

Office of Elections

Department of Planning and Permitting

No public testimony will be accepted.If you require special assistance, please call 586-6800 or email your request to waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov.

Kailua District Park

Despite a national push to get students back in classrooms full-time, following new safety guidance from the CDC, schools Superintendent Christina Kishimoto said Hawaii public schools are unlikely to return to full in-person learning before next school year.

Waimānalo District Park

Dr. Eugene Tian, Chief State Economist

Paki Community Park

Ms. Rona Suzuki, Director

Mandatory 14-day quarantine for travelers, eviction moratorium also continue

Public Transportation - TheBus and TheHandi-Van: These services are operating with increased sanitary precautions for passenger and driver safety and health. Visit thebus.org or call 848-5555 for up-to-date schedules and information. The TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is open for in-person assessments for those extending or applying for eligibility. Distancing practices must be followed. TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is located at the First Insurance Center, 1100 Ward Avenue, Suite 835. For questions or to schedule an assessment, call (808) 538-0033, Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Who is next in line for vaccinations?

To allow access to the proceedings, the Senate will be providing live streams of all Senate hearings and floor sessions in real time, on YouTube and/or ‘Ōlelo and neighbor island cable networks, with live closed captioning. A list of upcoming and archived Senate hearings is available here: http://olelo.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=13

The Hawaii State Senate recently new operational changes ahead of the 2021 legislative session.

Location: Neal Blaisdell Concert Hall (Registration is across from the parking lot) 777 Ward Avenue, Honolulu

Why Get Vaccinated?

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 23, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 24, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

You are considered “fully vaccinated” two weeks after receiving the complete dose of your vaccine. If you receive the 2-dose Pfizer or Moderna vaccines, then you are “fully vaccinated” two weeks after your second dose. If you receive a single-dose vaccine like Johnson & Johnson’s Janssen vaccine, you will be fully vaccinated two weeks after your shot. If it has been less than two weeks or if you are still waiting for your second dose, you are NOT fully protected. Even after you are fully vaccinated, you should continue to protect yourself and others by following safe practices whenever you are near unvaccinated people outside of your own household. This means continuing to: wear a mask, stay at least 6 feet apart and avoid crowds and poorly ventilated spaces.

Registration opportunities for those 60 and older will soon be available through links posted on HawaiiCOVID19.com/vaccination-registration and from healthcare providers around the state.

On Friday, April 24, Kalihi Kai Urgent Care will be conducting testing at ʻEwa Mahiko District Park in ʻEwa Beach. Testing at 91-1205 Renton Road will run from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.

Ms. Georja Skinner, Chief Officer

The amended bill states (HB117), “Due to the unprecedented economic downturn resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the legislature believes that continued implementation of the commission's recommendations for the executive and judicial branches, and planned adjustments for the legislature, is irresponsible at this time and should be deferred.”

If you have questions about the vaccine, visit https://www.hawaiipacifichealth.org/hph-covid-19-updates/vaccine-update for updates.

Children must be six years old before Aug. 1, 2020 and not older than thirteen years old by July 28, 2020 to qualify. The modified Summer Fun will still utilize Junior Leaders.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on Olelo channel 49 on Oahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels.

12:00 p.m. Department of Health, State Laboratories

Building Permit Applications: Available by appointment only. Self-service permits are available online at honolulu.gov/dpp.

Please note that these operations may have altered hours. Please visit their websites before going to the location for services.

Hawaii State Energy Office

Also extended through the end of May -- the 14-day quarantine for both visitors and residents entering the state and for inter-island travelers.

Waikele Community Park

Vaccinations expand to Hawai‘i residents 60+ on Monday

Click here to read more from KITV4 news.

As part of its 2021 Legislative Program, the Hawaii State Senate will be focusing on ten of the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. The Senate has bipartisan dedication to the protection and sustainability of the islands’ people, communities, natural resources, and economic prosperity through advancing these U.N. goals.

Only Ala Moana Satellite City Hall will temporarily remain closed to in-office visits as it prepares to relocate within the shopping center.

Board of Water Supply: Water service remains operational and the water is safe to drink. Testing is conducted daily. BWS account services are available online at boardofwatersupply.com, by mail, or by phone. In-person services are suspended.

O‘ahu motorists are reminded that a safety check inspection is not required to renew motor vehicle registrations that are expiring in April or May.

Mr. Chris Tatum, CEO

Beware of COVID-19 vaccine scams! All COVID-19 vaccinations are free.

2. After receiving a notice that their item(s) are ready for pick up, patrons can schedule a Library Take Out time at picktime.com/hspls.

To reach a trained Kū Makani counselor, just call the Hawai‘i CARES hotline during these hours:

Adventist Health Castle will begin its second round of vaccinations next Monday, and for that week the concentration will also be pushing out another vaccine to those who received their first.

Kanewai Community Park

Over the past month, new COVID-19 variants have emerged from around the globe: first in the United Kingdom, then South Africa and Brazil. The CDC has warned that the U.K. variant could be the predominant variant in the U.S. sometime this month. As of now, three variants (P.2, B.1.429, and B.1.1.7) are already here in the islands, underscoring the importance of preventative measures. COVID-19 vaccination is an important tool in getting our communities back to normal. The CDC is continuing to investigate the effectiveness of COVID-19 vaccines against the new variants. Scientists also are working to learn about new variants of the virus. More studies are needed to understand how new variants may affect the effectiveness of existing COVID-19 vaccines. So far, studies suggest that antibodies generated through vaccination with currently authorized vaccines recognize these variants. This is being closely investigated and more studies are underway. Some of the new variants of the COVID-19 virus may spread more easily and quickly, which can lead to more cases of COVID-19. So, don’t wait. Plan to get whichever vaccine is available to you. Even after you are vaccinated, continue to follow all of the protective strategies to limit the spread of COVID-19. This includes wearing a mask, physical distancing, washing hands and staying home when you are sick which will also help prevent the spread of new variants. This is the time to stay vigilant! To learn more about the COVID-19 vaccine, visit HawaiiCOVID19.com/vaccine.

1:00 p.m.

TO FILE A CLAIM OR CHECK YOUR STATUS

The proclamation also includes:

Creative Industries Division

The Hawai‘i Department of Transportation has closed safety inspection stations to comply with social distancing recommendations stemming from COVID-19 and extended safety inspection certificates as well as stickers through May 31, 2020.

According to the Hawaii State Department of Health, the vaccine is currently only available to those who qualify under Phase groups 1-A and 1-B:

View Vaccine FAQs

The number of new COVID-19 cases is expected to rise once travel is re-opened. However, the State Department of Health has begun the process of training 500 new contact tracers, exceeding the recommended standards set by the Centers for Disease Control, and is exploring other screening and testing procedures.

Mr. Greg Barbour, Executive Director

Registration:

The reminder comes as 133,928 motor vehicle registrations on O‘ahu are scheduled to be renewed between April and May.

Clinic Hours of Operation: By appointment only.

Kapaolono Community Park

The public is encouraged to participate by submitting written testimony. No in-person testimony will be allowed at this time due to COVID-19. To submit testimony, please visit: https://www.capitol.hawaii.gov/submittestimony.aspx

The proposal also allows the following to resume operations with modifications:

Gov. David Ige approved Mayor Kirk Caldwell’s proposal to safely re-open more businesses and operations on O‘ahu, under guidelines that will ensure the safety of employees and customers.

View Hawaii's Vaccine Timeline and Who's Next in Line

2:00 p.m. Department of Health - Dr. Bruce Anderson, Director

A public-private partnership — that includes the City and County of Honolulu, Aloha United Way, the Council for Native Hawaiian Advancement, Helping Hands Hawaii, and other service providers — will work directly with individuals and families dealing with economic hardship to administer these resources and ensure Oahu residents have the support they need.

Foreign Trade Zone Division

District 4

Waiau District Park

The governor noted that the next step in re-opening air travel will be restoring out-of-state travel to the islands in a safe manner. He has been working on plans to do this said he would announce them soon.

Our COVID-19 numbers are the lowest they have been in months and the City & County of Honolulu has officially moved into Tier 3 as of today, February 25th. For more information on the reopening strategy and the various tiers, please visit: https://www.oneoahu.org/reopening-strategy

Under Phase 1 of the state’s re-opening, the following businesses and operations can re-open starting May 7, 2020 at 12:01 a.m. However, everyone is advised to check the restrictions in place in each county, as they may differ.

Starting next week, those whose last name starts with the letters A through G should file on Mondays.

If you have questions about the vaccine, please call Queen’s COVID-19 Vaccination Line: 808-691-2222 or visit https://covid.queens.org/vaccination for updates.

Department of Health expands mental health assistance in response to the ongoing pandemic

DOH TO PARTNER WITH PHARMACIES STATEWIDE TO PROVIDE COVID-19 VACCINE

“I would expect that we stay pretty close to what our expectations are. If you’ve received a first dose, you’re pretty guaranteed that we will have a second dose,” said Erik Anderson, chief nursing officer at Adventist Health Castle. “So we might not have first doses available next week. That would probably be more up there than not having a second dose.”

Kaimuki Community Park

Summer Fun Sites 2020:

Many families become overwhelmed with questions and concerns about caregiving while often struggling to navigate insurance, time away from work and finances while in quarantine or isolation. For those who live in multigenerational homes, everyone is impacted.

Veterans Affairs

The proposal also includes the re-opening of outdoor attractions with limitations, starting Thursday, May 28. This includes:

Pililā‘au Community Park

Although buildings remain closed to the public for now, the Library Take Out is a convenient and safe way to access library books and materials.

No pubic testimony will be accepted.

In addition to standard school health and safety protocols, commencement events will need to follow other rules.

.

1:15 p.m. Department of Health

Wilson Community Park

According to Dr. Melinda Ashton, the chief quality officer with Hawaii Pacific Health, the hospital is trying to administer second doses as efficiently as possible.

The times to file are Monday through Friday from 6:30 a.m. to 11 p.m.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be livestreamed via http://olelo.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=13.

Phase 1-A: Began in mid-December and is expected to be completed this month, focuses on health care workers and long-term care facility residents.

12:15 p.m. - Hawaii Agriculture Foundation, Ms. Denise Yamaguchi, Executive Director

The Hawaii State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 will hold a hearing today at noon live on ‘Olelo 49.

“This is another major step forward in the implementation of our state’s vaccination plan,” said Dr. Libby Char, director, Hawai‘i Department of Health. “With residents and staff of larger long-term care facilities such as assisted living communities now in progress, we’re now turning our attention to residential care homes and community care foster family homes.”

Got Questions About The COVID-19 Vaccines

 <tag> li




Goal #4 - Quality education: To ensure inclusive and equitable quality education, and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all by increasing access to broadband technology for all students, modernizing schools, carefully implementing plans for in-person and distance learning, and evaluating the teaching workloads and classifications of the University of Hawaii.

Staff and keiki will be provided hand sanitizer.

2nd dose appointments will be scheduled for you at your 1st dose appointment.

Water parks

Indoor attractions (theaters, museums, arcades, bowling alleys, etc.),

All Senate standing committee hearings will be live streamed on YouTube. This is a significant improvement in public access over previous years when only selected hearings were broadcast on cable television and streamed over the internet. In addition to the live streams, the Senate will continue to work with public access television providers on all islands to broadcast Senate committee hearings and floor sessions. All live streams will be available online and on demand at youtube.com/hawaiisenate.

Teachers, childcare and educational support staff (childcare, early education, K-12, post-secondary)

Public and private golf courses within the City operating in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the Professional Golfers’ Association’s “Procedures for Reintroduction to the Game and Business of Golf” as may be updated/amended.

Services provided on a one-one-one bases. Businesses that provide services such as private tutoring, certain music instrument lessons, etc., on a one-on-one basis, that comply with social distancing requirements;

Game rooms

Criminal liability for hosts of guests who violate quarantine requirements or owners of cars that are rented to quarantine violators.

80% of all smartphone users (i.e. 56% of the overall population) would be enough to suppress the pandemic on its own without any other form of intervention.

Entertainment areas

Persons ages 16-64 years with high-risk medical conditions: Individuals of all authorized vaccine eligible ages with underlying conditions that increase the risk for severe COVID-19 (30% of population)

U.S. Postal Service employees

Designated spaces will be made for each group, with activities conducted on a rotating basis.

Department of Parks and Recreation: City parks, courts, fields and parking lots are open. City skate parks and off-leash dog parks will reopen on Friday, May 29. The Koko Head Shooting Complex, city archery ranges, People’s Open Markets, and pools (lap swim only) are scheduled to reopen on Friday, June 5. The five Honolulu Botanical Gardens are open for passive use. This means no camping, garden tours, or recreational programs will be offered at that time. Other park facilities remain closed to the public, such as: playgrounds, campgrounds, gyms, and recreation buildings. Please be advised that lifeguards are not stationed in their regular towers but are instead on roving patrols. Stand-alone comfort stations are open but they will be closed during cleaning, maintenance, and regular park closure hours. For more information, please visit honolulu.gov/parks.

Healthcare Workers and First Responders

Essential workers not recommended for vaccination in Phase 1b: Essential workers that were not included in Phase 1b (7% of population)

Agriculture (non-food), such as landscape, ornamental plant growers, and nurseries

Social Distancing Requirements (as defined in the Order) are adhered to at all times.

Click on the button “For New Claims, Please Complete This Form.” DO NOT click on “Claimant Services” which connects to the old server system. This is where people are experiencing issues logging in and attempting to file a claim.

PARTICIPANTS MUST BE IN A VEHICLE TO RECEIVE ASSISTANCE. Walk-ups or bicyclists will not be permitted.

Frontline essential workers: Includes first responders, and frontline essential workers, defined as workers whose duties must be performed on-site and require being in close proximity (<6 feet) to the public or coworkers, and are essential to the functioning of society (11% of population)

Participants assume the risk that food supplies may run out before they can be served.

Combined with other measures, if 15% of our community uses AlohaSafe Alert, we can reduce infections by 8% and deaths by 6%.

One adult, 18 years of age or older, may accompany kupuna who have an appointment.

The Senate will be using Zoom as its online meeting platform.

Car Washes

Goal #11 - Sustainable cities and communities: To continue the commitment to develop inclusive, safe, resilient, and sustainable neighborhoods by increasing access to affordable housing; reducing homelessness, increasing local food production to promote food security; investing in Farm-to-State programs; ending the housing shortage; investing in local talent; training local workers in technical jobs; and maintaining local infrastructure such as state parks, airfields, and small boat harbors.

Utilities workers

No one will be permitted to exit their vehicles during the distribution.

Larger schools that may experience difficulties in hosting a safe, in-person ceremony are encouraged to consider alternative options such as a blend of in-person and virtual ceremonies, staggered drive-through ceremonies or drive-in formats.

Committee Chairs will have the option to conduct hearings 100% remotely or offer their members a hybrid set-up with some Senators participating from Senate conference rooms and some joining the hearing remotely.

H.R.6201 – Families First Coronavirus Response Act.

Goal #9 - Industry Innovation and Infrastructure: To build resilient infrastructure., promote inclusive and sustainable industrialization, and foster innovation, by investing in and preventing the exodus of local talent; diversifying the economy; assuring the digital accessibility to all communities; and promoting a creative resurgence in the culture and arts.

Anyone with unexplained respiratory illness since January 2020 who were never tested for COVID-19

A household is defined by an address and everyone who lives at that address. i.e. Multiple families and/or generations living under one roof will be counted as one (1) household.

Emergency service workers

Written testimony and videoconference testimony registration will be accepted through the Legislature’s website. No in-person testimony will be allowed.

Adults aged 65-74 years (10% of population)

June 5: Business/commercial businesses (in addition to restaurants), indoor residential, non-commercial gatherings of 10 or less (regardless of household)

Museums

Mar. 16: Supplementary proclamation suspending certain laws to enable state and county responses to COVID-19

To check on the status of your claim 24/7, click on “Check Your Claim Status.”

Education and care facilities (private education, adult care, special needs care facilities),

First responders, including police officers, firefighters, etc.

Fitness facilities (spaces for yoga, barre classes, hula hālau, etc.),

Other beauty operators

Those essential for federal, state, and local government operations

Visit https://huiclaims.hawaii.gov/#/

Complete the Registration and Scheduling process using the link: https://mychart.hawaiipacifichealth.org/signup

Critical transportation infrastructure workers (harbor and dock workers, public transportation, etc.)

There is currently no co-pay associated with the COVID-19 vaccine.

Parking for the vaccine clinic is available at three locations: Pier 2, Waterfront Plaza and Aloha Tower Market Place.

Shooting and Archery Ranges

All keiki and staff are required to wear a cloth face mask, with consideration to existing exemptions such as a medical condition which prohibits use of a face covering.

The extension of the eviction moratorium through July 31.

Public transportation workers

Emergency services dispatchers

Goal #10 - Reduced inequalities: To promote social, economic, and political growth for all by supporting affordable housing and investing in broadband connectivity in underserved areas.

Certain real estate services. All real property sales and management activities must be accomplished by remote/electronic means whenever possible. Restrictions and permitted real estate services are outlined in Emergency Order No. 2020-09;

Tattoo artists

Retail & Repair Services, such as apparel, florists, watch & surfboard repair (Note: retail does not re-open in City & County of Honolulu until May 15, and retail & most repair will not re-open in Maui county.)

Complete the Registration and Scheduling process using the link: kp.org/register.

Auto Dealerships

Long-term care facility residents: Adults who reside in facilities that provide a range of services, including medical and personal care, to persons who are unable to to live independently (1% of population)

The City’s “COVID-19 Guidance for Business” is followed to the greatest extent possible.

$14 million to the DOH for contact tracing/testing, vaccination and contract tracing staff, investigation and infection control, PPE and supplies;

Apr. 16: Fifth supplementary proclamation implementing enhanced social distancing requirements and an eviction moratorium

All keiki and staff will have their temperature taken at the beginning of each day.

People’s Open Markets

Goal #3 - Good health and well-being: Promoting health and well-being by implementing evidence-based strategies to combat the COVID-19 pandemic, improving access to quality health care, supporting family caregivers, and improving local resiliency in health care by training medical professionals.

Teachers, child care workers and education support staff

Corrections officers and staff

If you are not part of the vaccination group above, please do not schedule a vaccine appointment here.

$36 million for thermal screening at the airports;

Pet Grooming Services

Public Transportation - TheBus and TheHandi-Van: These services are operating with increased sanitary precautions for passenger and driver safety and health. Visit thebus.org or call 848-5555 for up-to-date schedules and information. The TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is open for in-person assessments for those extending or applying for eligibility. Distancing practices must be followed. TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is located at the First Insurance Center, 1100 Ward Avenue, Suite 835. For questions or to schedule an assessment, call (808) 538-0033, Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Keiki participants will be within the same group for the entire program.

DPR is still hiring for those interested in working as Summer Fun Aides. Please click here if you are interested in fun, seasonal work opportunity, or call the District Office of the location where you would like to work (listed below)

Childcare services, licensed or authorized under the law

Graduates will be allowed to bring a maximum of two members from their household. No additional guests will be allowed. Schools also have the authority to reduce this number based on venue restrictions and ceremony formats.

Mobile service providers. Businesses that provide service on a mobile bases in which no human interaction between the service provider and the customer, including, but not limited to, mobile pet grooming and car washing/detailing businesses;

Corrections officers

Movie theatres

The Household Information Form can be downloaded below: A separate form must be filled out for each household represented in the vehicle.

Mar. 23: Third supplementary proclamation mandating social distancing measures throughout the state

June 19: Indoor operations such as:

Performers who sing or play wind instruments must keep a distance of at least 10 feet from other people.

Occupancy is limited at all times to no more than one (1) person per 200 square feet of the gross operation area (which equates to approximately 50 percent of the maximum occupancy load).

Complete the Registration and Scheduling process using the link, the button to schedule will be at the bottom of the page: https://covid.queens.org/vaccination/

Reducing the number of recess days from thirteen to nine.

If you are already a Hawaii Pacific Health patient and have a MyChart account, you will receive a notification through MyChart to schedule an appointment.

Food will be placed directly into the vehicle at each food distribution station.

Goal #13 - Climate action: To take urgent action to combat climate change by promoting sustainable tourism, exploring carbon sequestration, and investing in renewable energy.

Driver’s licensing and Satellite City Halls: All six of the driver licensing centers in the City and County of Honolulu are open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. The online appointment system for appoints for driver licenses and state identification services can be accessed at alohaq.org. The system has been revised to serve the greatest needs first. For assistance with making an appointment, call: (808) 768-4177. Masks or face coverings are required during all in-office visits. For more information, visit honolulu.gov.csd. The Kapahulu Vehicle Reconstruction Inspection Station in the City and County of Honolulu is open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. For assistance, call: (808) 768-4325.

Building Permit Applications: Available by appointment only. Self-service permits are available online at honolulu.gov/dpp.

All persons aged 16 years or older not previously recommended for vaccination: All other persons residing in Hawaii aged 16 years or older not already recommended for vaccination in Phases 1a, 1b, or 1c (27% of population)

Goal #16 - Peace, justice, and strong institutions: To promote peaceful and inclusive societies for sustainable development; provide access to justice for all; and build effective, accountable, and inclusive institutions at all levels by examining government agencies that could be restructured and evaluating leadership and inmate training programs in correctional facilities in Hawaii.

You can also schedule an appointment by calling: (808) 691-2222.

COVID-19 Infoline: (808) 691-2619, Mon – Fri, 8 am – 8 pm, Sat – Sun, 8 am – 1 pm

A vehicle may pick up food for a MAXIMUM OF THREE (3) HOUSEHOLDS.

Shortening conference by one-week.

$637 million to be deposited into the state's rainy day fund to be allocated in subsequent sessions.

Performers who sing or play wind instruments need not wear face coverings, but a physical barrier is required between performers and patrons/staff for indoor restaurants/bars.

To preserve the vaccine supply for the designated priority group, we will only be vaccinating residents 75 years of age and older at this time.

Neighborhood Board Commission: Neighborhood boards will resume public meetings beginning June 1. Physical distancing requirements are followed. For meeting information, please contact the NCO at 768-3710, email nco@honolulu.gov, or visit the office’s website at honolulu.gov/nco.

Adults 75 years of age and older (9% of population)

The special parking rate for Waterfront Plaza and Aloha Tower Market Place locations is $2 for 2 hours with documentation of your vaccine clinic visit.

Board of Water Supply: Water service remains operational and the water is safe to drink. Testing is conducted daily. BWS account services are available online at boardofwatersupply.com, by mail, or by phone. In-person services are suspended.

Only 12 keiki will be allowed per adult supervisor, which will constitute one group.

Downloading the Household Information Form and pre-filling it out does not guarantee you will receive food at the distribution – in the event that food supplies run out before your vehicle is served.

The elimination of prohibitions related to beaches, boating, hiking and shoreline fishing, as these activities are being addressed through the counties in coordination with the state Department of Land and Natural Resources.

AN ADULT FROM EACH HOUSEHOLD MUST BE PRESENT WITH A VALID GOVERNMENT-ISSUED ID.

The ceremony must be held outdoors or in a venue with adequate ventilation. Third-party venues are allowed.

Mar. 31: Fourth supplementary proclamation implementing a mandatory 14-day self-quarantine for people traveling between the islands in the State of Hawai‘i

Food-court dining areas (except for delivery or carry out)

Staff or keiki will not be allowed to participate in the program if they are sick, have been in contact with someone diagnosed with COVID-19, or have traveled out-of-state within the past 14 days.

Teachers and childcare and educational support staff (childcare, early education, K‐12, post‐secondary)

Common areas (except to access and depart from a retail or repair service business)

U.S. Postal Service workers.

Goal #7 - Affordable and clean energy: To ensure access to affordable, reliable, sustainable, and modern energy for all by promoting renewable energy and committing to reduce our reliance on fossil fuels.

Pools

Indoor facilities being used by for Summer Fun will remain closed to the public throughout the program. Outdoor facilities being used for Summer Fun will be off-limits to the public during the specific program times, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m., but will be reopened for general public use outside of that timeframe.

Arcades

Within shopping malls, the following must remain closed:

Maintenance staff will clean bathroom facilities twice daily.

$8 million to DLIR for IT Modernization, UI Program Enhancements, and facility and staff support;

Play areas

Individuals essential for federal, state and local government operations.

COVID-19 Vaccination Line: (808) 691-2222, Mon – Fri, 7:30 am – 5 pm

Nail technicians

Barbers

Campgrounds

If you are unable to download the Household Information Form, there will be printed forms available at the distribution. Please bring a pen.

The distribution organizers reserve the right to refuse service to individuals who do not comply with the rules established for this food distribution.

Critical utilities (energy, water, etc.)

Shopping Malls – limited to retail and repair services (Note: shopping malls are not reopening in Maui county.)

Goal #8 - Decent work and economic growth: To promote robust, inclusive, and sustainable economic growth, opportunity for full and productive employment, and work for all, by improving Hawaii’s economic resilience; aiding small businesses devastated by the coronavirus pandemic; diversifying industry; managing sustainable tourism; investing in access to broadband technology; and pivoting the State economy towards agriculture.

Mar. 21: Second supplementary proclamation implementing mandatory 14-day self-quarantine for visitors and residents entering the State of Hawai‘i

Previous COVID-19 positive individuals and their families and close contacts

Front line tourism industry workers with direct exposure to visitors

H.R.748 – CARES Act.

Observatories & Support Facilities

$40 million for AG enforcement, PPE, payroll, and other department requests;

New and used car and truck dealerships – sales and leasing activities (with restrictions);

Department of Environmental Services: Regular curbside refuse, green waste, and recycling service is still being conducted. Convenience centers and transfer stations remain open. Please note, all in-person services are suspended. Visit opala.org for more information.

Hairdressers

Fitness centers

$1 million for the PUA program (UI for independent contractors & GIG workers);

Goal #17 - Partnership for the goals: To continue to implement the 17 United Nations Sustainable Development Goals by creating effective public, private, and civil society partnerships by building on existing partnerships; enhancing a coherent policy for sustainable development; and improving the resiliency of the economy and healthcare systems in Hawaii.

H.R.266 - Paycheck Protection Program and Health Care Enhancement Act.

Testifiers will be given the option to submit remote virtual testimony once written testimony is submitted. Individuals must register no later than 24 hours prior to the committee hearing in order to be added to the remote virtual testimony list.

Pier 2 parking is free but is limited and preferred for persons with restricted mobility.

Use your legal name and information as shown on a state-issued ID.

First responders

Sea life attractions

Bars.

Automated service providers. Service providers that do not require human interaction between the service provider and the customer, including for example, fully automated car washes;

You will be receiving the Moderna COVID-19 vaccine. We will schedule you to come back to this clinic 28 days later for your 2nd dose.

H.R.6074 – Coronavirus Preparedness and Response Supplemental Appropriations Act.

The 10-foot distance requirement does not apply to members of the same performing group.

Health care personnel: Includes paid and unpaid personnel serving in health care settings who have the potential for direct or indirect exposure to patients or infectious materials (5% of population)

Similar outdoor facilities

Outdoor organized team sports (two phases, with phase 1 beginning June 19),

 <tag> span




Ala Pu‘umalu Community Park

Due to the pandemic, the State Capitol building remains closed to the public at this time.

Legislative Timetable:

Hau‘ula Community Park

THURSDAY, MARCH 25, 2021 10:00 AM

Chaminade University -

DO NOT

Mr. Dennis Ling, Administrator

Healthcare Workers and First Responders

The Hawai‘i State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 sent letters to Hawai‘i Supreme Court Chief Justice Mark Recktenwald and Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell expressing concerns about the enforcement of the travel quarantine orders put into effect by Governor David Ige.

WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 2020 9:05 AM

Click on the button “For New Claims, Please Complete This Form.” DO NOT click on “Claimant Services” which connects to the old server system. This is where people are experiencing issues logging in and attempting to file a claim.

Senate President Ronald D. Kouchi, State House Speaker Scott K. Saiki, Senator Donovan M. Dela Cruz, and Representative Sylvia Luke announced the Legislature’s comprehensive plan to use $635 million in federal CARES Act funds to provide ongoing, immediate relief to residents and small businesses who are suffering from the devastating economic shutdown caused by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. The plan aims to support and reinforce the social safety net for our residents, rebuild and move our economy forward, and address the ongoing pandemic.

Finally, Wednesdays are for P through Z.

TUESDAY, JUNE 2, 2020 8:51 AM

Sunset Beach Recreation Center

PARTICIPANTS MUST BE IN A VEHICLE TO RECEIVE ASSISTANCE. Walk-ups or bicyclists will not be permitted.

Hawaiian Electric has suspended service disconnections for nonpayment through June 30 to ensure customers’ electricity needs are met as stay-at-home orders are extended due to the coronavirus pandemic.

waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov

The Senate floor session will convene at 11:30 a.m. on Monday, June 22, with hearings getting underway that morning. The session is scheduled to adjourn on Friday, July 10. The new legislative timetable is available here:

Car Washes

Accommodations are available upon request to persons with disabilities. Please call (808) 768-3003 or send an email to parks@honolulu.gov at least five days prior to the event.

Research & Economic Analysis

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be streamed live online at olelo.org/49.

No one will be permitted to exit their vehicles during the distribution.

I EXPECTED TO BENEFIT FROM EMERGENCY FOOD STAMPS, PANDEMIC SCHOOL MEAL PROGRAM

Anyone with unexplained respiratory illness since January 2020 who were never tested for COVID-19

The City opened online appointments for residents whose Hawai‘i driver licenses or state identification cards expire this year in March, April, May, June and July. This is after the state announced its intent to allow licenses and identification cards that expire between March 16 and June 30 to remain valid through Sept. 30.

A household is defined by an address and everyone who lives at that address. i.e. Multiple families and/or generations living under one roof will be counted as one (1) household.

Oahu beaches opened over the weekend, May 16, for activities based on approved guidelines issued by the City and County of Honolulu. In addition to those activities already allowed (e.g., ocean access and exercise), beaches or sand bars within the City may also be utilized with the following restrictions: a. All groups are limited to members of the same household or living unit. b. No group can exceed ten persons. c. All persons using the beach, who are not part of members of the same household or living unit, shall comply with Social Distancing Requirements, provided that a caregiver may accompany a dependent. d. The beach or sand area may only be used one-half hour before sunrise to one-half hour after sunset, unless the person is engaged in shore fishing or permitted outdoor exercise. e. All other State of Hawaiʻi or City restrictions related to COVID-19 must be followed, including, but not limited to, any applicable quarantine restrictions. If you have any questions on Mayor Caldwell’s Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order 2.0, as amended, visit the website, oneoahu.org to find answers to some frequently asked questions. If you still do not find an answer to your question on the site, O‘ahu residents can call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov. The City and County of Honolulu COVID-19 information call center remains open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on holidays.

June 5: Business/commercial businesses (in addition to restaurants), indoor residential, non-commercial gatherings of 10 or less (regardless of household)

Kahalu‘u Community Park

Visit https://huiclaims.hawaii.gov/#/

Procedures for written and road driving-test applications are being reviewed and will be announced at a later time.

Kāne‘ohe Community & Senior Center

The Hawaii State Public Library System announced its statewide launch of Library Take Out at 47 of our 51 public libraries. Starting Tuesday, May 26th, library patrons may now schedule a Library Take Out appointment time to pick up their hold item(s) at their favorite library.

The modified Summer Fun Program will be offered on weekdays, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m. from Wednesday July, 1 through Tuesday, July 28 (excluding the holiday on Friday, July 3).

Shooting and Archery Ranges

All keiki and staff are required to wear a cloth face mask, with consideration to existing exemptions such as a medical condition which prohibits use of a face covering.

Pacific Palisades Community Park

Click here to view more information, including school sites and pick-up times.

THOUSANDS IN HAWAI

All keiki and staff will have their temperature taken at the beginning of each day.

The letter to Mayor Caldwell lists the actions taken by the Hawai‘i Department of Transportation to screen and verify passenger information and require compliance with the state’s quarantine orders, but says that the public is consistently reporting “travelers blatantly violating” the quarantine.

Participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations.

Aloha Trace -

$36 million for thermal screening at the airports;

Temperature checks will continue at airports across the state. Anyone with a temperature higher than 100.4 degrees or who is experiencing other symptoms will be required to undergo a secondary screening at the airport with trained healthcare staff.

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 11, 2021 3:25 PM

District 3

AGENDA

Hō‘ae‘ae Community Park

Retail establishments should meet the following guidelines:

Letter to Chief Justice Recktenwald

Testing for regular PCR (nose swab) will be conducted as it has been done previously. If one desires this testing, the attending doctor will determine who should be tested. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head here. Testing will be offered without charge for those without insurance.

Walk-in-and-wait transactions will not be offered. The public can continue to do express payment services, such as water bill payments and annual vehicle registration renewals, via online, mail-in or by 24/7 kiosk options.

This would free up appointment slots for transactions that can more efficiently be completed in-person, such as applying for a disability-parking permit, junking a vehicle or performing complicated motor vehicle transactions related to a lost title or difficult registrations.

Kāne‘ohe District Park

MONDAY, MAY 18, 2020 10:04 AM

The special committee will convene to assess and advise the Senate regarding the State of Hawaii's COVID-19 plans and procedures for reopening the economy and the plans for economic recovery.

Kalākaua District Park

A vehicle may pick up food for a MAXIMUM OF THREE (3) HOUSEHOLDS.

Ms. Angela Keen

TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 2020 2:21 PM

Performers who sing or play wind instruments need not wear face coverings, but a physical barrier is required between performers and patrons/staff for indoor restaurants/bars.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 2021 8:58 AM

12:30 p.m. Airlines for America

. Testing will be offered without charge for those without insurance.

THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2020 1:26 PM

The committee will be meeting with the following to discuss enforcement of the 14-day quarantine and stay-at-home orders:

Only 12 keiki will be allowed per adult supervisor, which will constitute one group.

MONDAY, MAY 11, 2020 10:34 AM

Certain designated businesses and operations in the City and County of Honolulu will be allowed to re-open on May 15, by following specific guidelines as detailed Emergency Order No. 2020-10. The Amended and Restated Stay at Home/Work from Home Order, now under the new name “Ho‘oulu i Honolulu” or “Restore Honolulu” Order, incorporates all prior Emergency Orders, including the wearing of non-medical grade face coverings, social distancing requirements, and the limited opening of City parks.

Downloading the Household Information Form and pre-filling it out does not guarantee you will receive food at the distribution – in the event that food supplies run out before your vehicle is served.

The Special Committee on COVID-19 will meet tomorrow with the following:

Pālolo Valley District Park

MONDAY, MAY 18, 2020 10:07 AM

GDP History, Outlook, and Potential Sector Growth:

If you miss your day, don’t worry, Thursdays through Sundays are open.

The proposal also includes the re-opening of outdoor attractions

DPR is privileged to participate in the Summer Food Service Program (SFSP) in conjunction with Summer Fun.

Common areas (except to access and depart from a retail or repair service business)

For the other eight satellite city halls on O‘ahu, precautions are in place to ensure the safety of customers and employees, who will be required to wear facial coverings and remain six-feet apart from others during all in-office transactions.

Indoor facilities being used by for Summer Fun will remain closed to the public throughout the program. Outdoor facilities being used for Summer Fun will be off-limits to the public during the specific program times, 8:30 a.m. to 2 p.m., but will be reopened for general public use outside of that timeframe.

Department of Transportation

r. John Y. Gotanda, President

Ala Wai Community Park

within the City operating in accordance with the guidelines set forth in the Professional Golfers’ Association’s “Procedures for Reintroduction to the Game and Business of Golf” as may be updated/amended.

TUESDAY, AUGUST 18, 2020 1:44 PM

THURSDAY, MAY 7, 2020 9:57 AM

Goal #8 - Decent work and economic growth

Kamehameha Community Park

Dr. Mary G. Boland, Dean

‘Ewa Mahiko District Park

The City and County of Honolulu is pleased to announce it is supporting more drive-thru COVID-19 testing this week.

. Businesses that provide service on a mobile bases in which no human interaction between the service provider and the customer, including, but not limited to, mobile pet grooming and car washing/detailing businesses;

Barbers

Campgrounds

The City and County of Honolulu announced that it has reopened its online appointment system for driver license and state identification card services.

Below are those online registration dates and procedures which are determined by geographic park district. All dates and times are Hawai‘i Standard Time:

If you are unable to download the Household Information Form, there will be printed forms available at the distribution. Please bring a pen.

Customers should NOT worry about their power being shut off due to nonpayment through the end of June, and any threat of immediate disconnection unless payment is made received before June 30 should be treated as a scam. Customers experiencing financial hardship because of the pandemic are urged to contact Hawaiian Electric to discuss payment arrangements and options.

Ms. Alexandra Slous, State Disaster Recovery Coordinator

Addressing the public health needs of the COVID-19 pandemic is another pillar to the comprehensive funding plan. “The Legislature’s plan devotes $100 million to distribute ample sanitation and PPE supplies for essential workers beyond the health care community including child care facilities, elderly care homes, small businesses, schools, and non-profits that work with populations vulnerable to the coronavirus,” said Senate President Ronald Kouchi.

Testing will be made available to those without insurance as well. For more information on this testing, please call Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Front line tourism industry workers with direct exposure to visitors

The Senate's primary budgetary focus will be on deploying the existing federal CARES Act money,” said Senate President Kouchi.

Dr. Bruce Anderson, Director

Hairdressers

Satellite city halls across O‘ahu will start reopening July 1 for regular in-office service on an appointment-only basis.

Those whose last name starts with H through O should file on Tuesdays.

1:30 p.m.

Tomorrow, May 8, Kalihi Kai Urgent Care will conduct testing at ʻEwa Beach Community Park. Testing will be from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.

‘Aiea District Park

Sea life attractions

Antibody testing determines whether a patient was exposed to COVID-19 and now has antibodies against the virus; it is not used to determine whether someone currently has the disease. The test also does not tell you whether or not you may be susceptible to getting COVID-19 again. Patients should discuss results with their healthcare provider to understand what the results mean for them.

Mākaha Community Park

The Hawai‘i State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 will hold a meeting beginning at 1 p.m. today, live on ‘Ōlelo channel 49 on O‘ahu and http://olelo.org/49. The State Capitol remains closed to the public.

The 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation, EXHIBIT G, lists the businesses/operations designated for re-opening, and outlines specific safety guidelines for each. It also includes county-specific requirements. For example, retail businesses on Oʻahu may not open until May 15, 2020, and Maui County will not allow retail, most repair shops and malls to reopen at this time.

The special committee will be meeting with the following:

FRIDAY, JANUARY 22, 2021 1:11 PM

Wahiawā District Park

Gov. Ige has approved Mayor Kirk Caldwell’s proposal to allow singing and/or playing of wind instruments at indoor and outdoor restaurants/bars, with some restrictions.

In order to balance the childcare needs of our island community with the safety guidelines established due to COVID-19, there will be significant changes to the number of keiki that our facilities and staff can accommodate, the activities offered, and overall program procedures:

THURSDAY, JUNE 4, 2020 9:43 AM

Over 34,000 households are expected to receive help from the plan’s $100 million funded rental and housing assistance subsidies. The State’s most financially vulnerable households will receive rental assistance in the form of a $500 monthly subsidy or 50% of rent, whichever is lesser, for up to five months from August 1 to December 31.

WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 2020 4:54 PM

The public is reminded that the parking lot at the Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be closed to the public until 3 p.m. to allow for breakdown of testing tents and clearing of cones and barriers. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Crestview Community Park

Wai‘anae District Park

Kaiser Permanente

Waialua District Park

Criminal liability for hosts of guests who violate quarantine requirements or owners of cars that are rented to quarantine violators.

The emergency proclamation lifts the quarantine requirement for inter-island travelers effective 12:01 a.m. on June 16, 2020. However, it also leaves in place the quarantine requirement for out-of-state travelers. The governor has the authority to make exemptions for transit corridors/bubbles.

with modifications

The State Capitol building will remain closed to the public at least through June 30, 2020. Entry into the building will continue to be limited through the main double glass doors on the basement level from 7:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m., and the National Guard will continue temperature screening everyone entering the building. Entry will be limited to employees and authorized guests. For more details, please read the memo dated May 22, 2020, from the Comptroller: Revised - Capitol Security Access Procedures

If you require special assistance, please call 586-6800 or email your request to

The Hawai‘i State Senate Committee on Ways and Means today deferred pay raises for legislators and state officials this year that had been recommended by the Salary Commission prior to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Social Distancing Requirements (as defined in the Order) are adhered to at all times.

Mānana Community Park

1. Patrons go to HSPLS Library Catalog and place a hold on any item(s) they want to borrow, or they may call their favorite library branch to place a hold with our staff.

Participants assume the risk that food supplies may run out before they can be served.

Mr. Alan Oshima, Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery and

This year registration will be conducted primarily online thanks to new software developed by the Honolulu Department of Information Technology. The software is called Parks and Recreation Online System, or PROS, and works best using the Google Chrome web browser.

District 3 (Pearlridge to Waiʻanae to Wahiawā) - ph. (808) 768-6889

Online Registration begins Saturday, June 20 at 9 a.m.

All in-office transactions will be served on an appointment-only basis. Masks or face coverings are required during in-office visits.

12:00 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov.

Moanalua Community Park

Ms. Susan Ballard, Chief of Police

Members of the Hawaii Executive Collaborative will present on a tourism recovery plan to create a task force to establish a travel bubble corridor. The corridor is for travel by two regions, both of which contained the virus, and who agree to a quarantine-free travel zone.

The state Department of Transportation will require thermal screening at the airport for everyone traveling inter-island. HDOT will also require travelers to fill out a new form that will now also ask for health-related information to assist the state in tracking and responding to new COVID-19 cases.

. Service providers that do not require human interaction between the service provider and the customer, including for example, fully automated car washes;

MONDAY, MARCH 8, 2021 9:08 AM

Ms. Clare Connors, Attorney General

CVS/Longs Drugs

FRIDAY, MAY 29, 2020 12:34 PM

MONDAY, MAY 18, 2020 10:20 AM

FRIDAY, APRIL 16, 2021 12:00 PM

To check on the status of your claim 24/7, click on “Check Your Claim Status.”

This software utilizes the same HNL.Info log-in that many O‘ahu residents already possess. We encourage the public to create an HNL.Info account and a PROS profile ahead of registration by visiting: https://pros.hnl.info.

The amended bill notes that in expectation of an economic downturn due to COVID-19, “the State Council on Revenues lowered its fiscal year 2021 forecast from four per cent to zero per cent, meaning that the State will have about $225,000,000 less in revenues than expected.”

Goal #13 - Climate action

3:30 p.m. Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

Test participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Although buildings remain closed to the public for now, the

Goal #9 - Industry Innovation and Infrastructure

The plan sets aside $230 million to support unemployed residents until the end of the year. “These critical funds will provide a new state unemployment insurance weekly benefit that replaces the weekly federal plus-up payments set to expire July 31,” explained Senator Dela Cruz, Chair of the Senate Ways and Means Committee. “Beginning August 1, an estimated 117,000 unemployed individuals will receive the State’s enhanced weekly unemployment benefit of $100.”

The extension of the eviction moratorium through July 31.

THURSDAY, MAY 7, 2020 9:53 AM

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 2021 12:00 PM

THURSDAY, MARCH 25, 2021 4:00 PM

FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 2020 9:54 AM

PRESCHOOL OPEN DOORS PROGRAM ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS

Tattoo artists

Mānoa Valley District Park

District 2

Food Service Program:

People’s Open Markets

Please note that there may be committee members or invited speakers participating remotely via video or teleconference.

4. Anyone with unexplained respiratory illness since January 2020 who were never tested for COVID-19

Whitmore Community Park

The Hawaii State Legislature will reconvene next Monday, May 11th. This reconvened session is expected to be about 6-10 days to address state budget issues and for the Senate to take up confirmation hearings for various state boards and commissions. The Ways and Means and Finance Committees will need to consider an estimated $1 billion in budget cuts from the $8 billion general fund budget, while minimizing cuts to social services or pay cuts or furloughs. All meetings and hearings will be broadcast live on Olelo; however, the public will not be able to attend, and written testimony will be excepted via submission.

Antibody Testing will be through actual blood draw. Licensed practitioners will be on site to conduct this test, and the samples are sent to local labs for analysis and reporting. The testing will be free if covered by the patient’s insurance, but a charge of $40 will be made to each patient without insurance by local labs who will bill the patients. Those only taking part in the Antibody Testing will not need to self-quarantine. The following categories of individuals are encouraged to be tested by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi:

The bill defers all salary increases slated for this fiscal year for members of the legislature, the governor, lieutenant governor, justices and judges of all state courts, administrative director of the State or an equivalent position, and department heads or executive officers and the deputies or assistants to the department heads or executive officers of the departments.

Kauluwela Community Park

Mr. Ross Higashi, Deputy Director

Gov. Ige signed a 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation that authorizes the first group of businesses to re-open since the COVID-19 pandemic forced the temporary closure of non-essential businesses across the state on Mar. 25.

TUESDAY, APRIL 28, 2020 1:26 PM

2. Healthcare Workers and First Responders

The Hawai‘i State Senate is scheduled to resume its 2020 session June 22 to July 10. Committees will be considering a limited number of critical bills that were put on hold when the Senate was forced to recess in mid-March due to COVID-19. The Senate will also be allocating additional federal funding from the CARES Act.

Kahala Community Park

Testing for regular PCR (nose swab) will be conducted as it has been done previously. If one desires this testing, the attending doctor will determine who should be tested. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 2021 4:00 PM

The Legislature is currently in recess, pursuant to S.C.R. No. 244.

MONDAY, MARCH 1, 2021 10:00 AM

Ms. Jade Fountain-Tanigawa, County Clerk

Food will be placed directly into the vehicle at each food distribution station.

Gov. David Ige signed a ninth supplementary emergency proclamation that extends the COVID-19 emergency period through July 31.

Letter to Mayor Caldwell

The City and County of Honolulu COVID-19 information call center remains open from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday through Friday, except on holidays. O‘ahu residents are encouraged to visit the website, oneoahu.org to get answers to frequently asked questions about Mayor Caldwell’s “Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order”. If they do not find an answer to their questions on the site, residents can call the 768-CITY (2489) information hotline or email covidresponse@honolulu.gov.

Driver’s licensing and Satellite City Halls: All six of the driver licensing centers in the City and County of Honolulu are open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. The online appointment system for appoints for driver licenses and state identification services can be accessed at alohaq.org. The system has been revised to serve the greatest needs first. For assistance with making an appointment, call: (808) 768-4177. Masks or face coverings are required during all in-office visits. For more information, visit honolulu.gov.csd. The Kapahulu Vehicle Reconstruction Inspection Station in the City and County of Honolulu is open for in-office visits on an appointment-only basis. For assistance, call: (808) 768-4325.

The annual Hawaii State Judiciary juror questionnaires will soon be mailed to individuals who have a Hawaii state driver’s license or are registered to vote in Hawaii. Beginning August 3, approximately 235,000 juror questionnaires will be mailed to 85,000 residents on Oahu, 55,000 in Maui County, 70,000 on Hawaii Island, and 25,000 on Kauai. They are used to help select potential jurors who may be eligible to serve in 2021. Individuals are selected at random. Anyone receiving a questionnaire has 10 days to complete and return it to the Jury Pool Office in the envelope provided. Those who fail to respond may be penalized. To be eligible to serve as a juror, you must be at least 18 years old, a citizen of the United States, a resident of Hawaii, and able to read and understand English. The Hawaii State Department of Health is in varying stages of reviewing and approving the circuit courts’ health-and-safety plans to resume jury selection and jury trials. The plan includes touchless temperature scans and CDC-recommended screening questions before entering a courthouse; required face coverings; enforced social distancing measures; and increased cleaning and disinfecting of our facilities.

TUESDAY, APRIL 21, 2020 7:07 PM

Hawaii Pacific University - M

The committee asked that he consider the public’s safety and issue a directive to judges to require bail prior to release and conditions such as ankle bracelets for quarantine violators.

3. Front line tourism industry workers with direct exposure to visitors

Mr. Jade Butay, Director

Neighborhood Board Commission: Neighborhood boards will resume public meetings beginning June 1. Physical distancing requirements are followed. For meeting information, please contact the NCO at 768-3710, email nco@honolulu.gov, or visit the office’s website at honolulu.gov/nco.

Under the CARES Act, Hawai'i has been given a total of $862,823,978 to support the State and smaller Counties. A separate allocation of $387,176,021 was provided to the City & County of Honolulu. The Senate has proposed allocating the funds in a responsible, prudent and conservative expenditure approach to meet both statewide and county needs. Below are some highlights. $175 million to support the various counties;

To report a possible self-quarantine violation, contact your county police department at 911. The police have access to all data pertaining to airport arrivals.

City and County of Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell announced a new emergency aid program for Oahu residents. Individuals under financial hardship will be eligible for up to $1,000 for basic needs such as rent and utilities, and up to an additional $500 for basic childcare. The program will begin on May 18.

1. Previous COVID-19 positive individuals and their families and close contacts

Leaders of the Hawaii State Teachers Association, Hawaii Government Employees Association, and United Public Workers agreed with a revised Hawaiʻi State Department of Education recommendation to the school board that will adjust the 2020–21 school year calendar, and start students later - from the original August 4 date to August 17. The deal will need the approval of the Hawaiʻi Board Of Education, which will hold a special meeting this Thursday, July 30, at 1 p.m. Ten-month DOE employees will still report to work as planned on Wednesday, July 29. According to HSTA, the agreement would give educators nine (9) additional days of training and preparation time on top of the regularly scheduled two (2) administration days and two (2) teacher preparation days between July 29 and Aug. 3. The extra time “would allow for training, planning, and preparation for the safe return of students to classrooms.” News of the agreement was shared by the unions to its membership, and a statement from Superintendent Dr. Christina Kishimoto was also posted to the DOE website. “HIDOE leadership has been working with the unions throughout the COVID-19 pandemic to ensure our students get the education they deserve and our employees have a safe work environment,” Dr. Kishimoto said. “We have continued these conversations and reached a conditional agreement today to propose a delayed start for students to accommodate concerns regarding employee training.” “Throughout our discussions, we were mindful that any adjustments to the calendar must focus on educating and supporting students,” Kishimoto said. “We also acknowledge the voice of our families, partners and employees who are not represented by the unions yet are impacted by this decision.” “We will use this time to prepare at yet another level, but I recognize this comes at a cost for public school parents and our students,” the Superintendent concluded. “My expectation is that if the Board approves the two week delay, that our labor partners will do an aggressive push to their members to be at schoolhouse doors on day one for our students.”

Mr. Glen Takahashi, City Clerk

Goal #3 - Good health and well-being

MONDAY, MAY 4, 2020 3:20 PM

Mayor Caldwell’s proposal includes the Friday, May 29

Testimony will be provided by Hawaii Executive Collaborative members Paul Yonamine, Duane Kurisu, and Lori Teranishi. Please note that there may be committee members or invited speakers participating remotely via video or teleconference.

Pools

MONDAY, MAY 4, 2020 10:22 AM

Waipahū District Park

THURSDAY, MAY 21, 2020 10:08 AM

Kalama Beach Park

Test participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them.

The 2020 Summer Fun Program will not require any fees or payment on the part of the participating families. In the past, Summer Fun registration was done in-person as a result of these prior payments. This resulted in eager parents waiting for hours, sometimes days, at various park locations to secure a spot for their keiki.

District 2 (Makiki to ʻAiea) - ph. (808) 768-9292

Play areas

Testing is being done from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. today, April 22 at The Church of Jesus Christ of the Latter-Day Saints in Wahiaw

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 22, 2020 11:55 AM

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 2021 9:39 AM

Nail technicians

No public testimony will be accepted.

Resiliency Navigator

O‘ahu residents with a hardship or special need outside these parameters can call (808) 768-4177 for assistance.

:

The latest proclamation also allows residents to leave their homes to patronize certain businesses and activities under the new “Safer-at-Home” order.

Previous COVID-19 positive individuals and their families and close contacts

Hawaii Pacific Health

3:00 p.m. Hawaii Economic and Community Recovery & Resiliency Plan

TUESDAY, JUNE 23, 2020 10:44 AM

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 2020 10:19 AM

$40 million for AG enforcement, PPE, payroll, and other department requests;

$1 million for the PUA program (UI for independent contractors & GIG workers);

District 1

Agenda for today's meeting found below. Watch it live on Olelo 49.

The 2020 SFSP is sponsored by the United States Department of Agriculture, and will provide lunch to Summer Fun participants 18 years and younger. SFSP will begin on July 6 and run through July 17 at select, qualified Summer Fun sites. Those participating will be listed on DPR’s website: http://bit.ly/SummerFunOahu

Mililani District Park

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 5, 2021 6:00 PM

Fern Community Park

Wailupe Community Park

Mr. Michael Kamida, Technical Lead and Liaison

The public is reminded that parking lots at the two sites will be closed to the public until 2 p.m. to allow for breakdown of testing tents and clearing of cones and barriers. For more information on the testing, contact Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi at (808) 304-8816 or (808) 367-6020.

Mr. Sean Williams, Vice President

FRIDAY, MAY 8, 2020 12:36 PM

TUESDAY, MARCH 2, 2021 11:00 AM

Antibody testing determines whether a patient had COVID-19 and now has antibodies against the virus; it is not used to determine whether someone currently has the disease. The test also does not tell you whether or not you may be susceptible to getting COVID again. Patients should discuss results with their healthcare provider to understand what the results mean for them.

TUESDAY, MARCH 16, 2021 11:00 AM

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 2020 8:45 PM

Mr. Rodrigo Romo, Program Director

The 10-foot distance requirement does not apply to members of the same performing group.

Reconstructed vehicle inspection is another in-office visit that will be served strictly on an appointment-only basis.

COVID-19 testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex and Kakaʻako Waterfront Park will be available this weekend. Drive-thru testing for COVID-19 will be offered at both locations, but a new Antibody Testing will be offered as well.

Mr. Robert Kurisu, Co-Founder

Hawaii Technology Development Corporation

2:30 p.m.

SUNDAY, FEBRUARY 14, 2021 8:28 PM

Mr. Scott Nago, Chief Election Officer

The state Department of Labor and Industrial Relations is kicking off an alphabetical system to ease the burden on the antiquated technology that has crashed multiple times over the past few weeks.

THURSDAY, MARCH 18, 2021 10:00 AM

Mr. Jon Henricks, County Clerk

The COVID-19 Hardship Relief program will provide funding support to Oahu residents with amounts up to $1,000 per month for qualified household expenses, and up to $500 per month for qualified childcare expenses to aid in lessening economic hardships caused by the pandemic. Each household may receive continued benefits as hardship continues, up to 6 months.

MONDAY, APRIL 5, 2021 9:00 AM

Entertainment areas

The partnering pharmacies throughout the state include: ElixRx Pharmacy, 5 Minute Pharmacy, Foodland Pharmacy, KTA Pharmacy, Pharmacare Hawaii, The Queen’s Medical Center Pharmacy, and Times Pharmacy. As of Friday, the DOH has administered more than 56,000 vaccines and has received 152,650 doses from Moderna and Pfizer-BioNTech combined.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick-up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also stream live online at

TUESDAY, MAY 19, 2020 9:22 AM

The Hawaii State Department of Education (HIDOE) Grab-and-Go school meals program will be extended at select meal sites for an extra four days beyond the end of the school year on May 28 and transition to the summer meal program which runs through July 17. Certain schools will provide meals to children 18 years or younger, free of charge, regardless of eligibility for free or reduced price meals.

The special committee will convene to discuss the impact of COVID-19 on the upcoming elections. Specific topics include the number of Voter Service Centers, available drop boxes, and the steps being taken to ensure the health and safety of voters.

Kamilo Iki Community Park

Agriculture (non-food), such as landscape, ornamental plant growers, and nurseries

Swanzy Beach Park

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 2021 10:00 AM

Queen’s Health Systems

For those who do not have computer or internet access, accommodations are available to facilitate their registration into the program. Please call the Summer Fun site for those accommodations. A list of the 65 program sites is included at the bottom of this announcement for your convenience.

Hawaii Emergency Management Agency -

4:15 p.m. Department of Taxation

More COVID-19 testing will be available at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex and Kakaʻako Waterfront Park this weekend. Drive-thru testing for COVID-19 will be offered at both locations, but a new Antibody Testing will be offered as well.

For each location, follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. This is part of an effort to do focused testing in communities across Oʻahu. Results of the testing will be used to identify COVID-19 “Hot Spots” to help in their containment.

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 2021 9:35 AM

To help lessen demand for appointments, 50,000 letters were sent to O‘ahu residents who qualify to renew their driver licenses or state identification cards either online or by mail. In addition, the federal government announced in April that the start date for REAL ID enforcement has been extended by 12 months to Oct. 1, 2021.

FRIDAY, JUNE 5, 2020 1:33 PM

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be streamed live online at

THURSDAY, APRIL 22, 2021 9:00 AM

Mr. Scott Glenn, Chief Energy Officer

Booth District Park

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 2020 8:48 PM

The letter to the Chief Justice states the concern “that the quarantine orders are being flouted once travelers leave the airport” and that when violators “appear before a judge, often the violators are released on their own recognizance without any measures to ensure no further violations happen.”

is a convenient and safe way to access library books and materials.

Kalihi Valley District Park

Pearl City District Park

“Disturbingly, we have also received reports that the City and County of Honolulu have avoided addressing these public concerns of non-compliance with regularity,” the letter says, and requests that the administration make enforcement of the quarantine “a priority by investigating and arresting people who violate them in our community, including returning residents and vacation rentals…”

Mr. Brandon Kurisu, Coalition Representative

McCully District Park

The Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order allows residents of the City and County of Honolulu to shop at retail businesses and shopping malls that comply with specific operations guidelines that includes allowing all persons in these establishments to maintain physical/social distancing and health and safety standards.

Kahuku Community Park

The committee will be meeting with the following:

WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 2020 10:39 AM

Appointments for in-office visits to satellite city halls will be available starting June 29. To make an online appointment, visit

Dr. Lynn Babington, President

Click here to read more from Civil Beat.

For information on the testing with Transformation Health Network, call 854-3566.

The public is encouraged to participate by submitting written testimony. No in-person testimony will be allowed at this time due to COVID-19. To submit testimony, please visit:

These businesses/operations are required to follow the social distancing requirements in the 7th Supplementary Emergency Proclamation. They also are encouraged to follow the applicable guidelines recommended by the Centers for Disease Control. Generally, this means they must implement physical distancing requirements such as capacity limits and ensuring 6 feet or more between individuals using floor markings and signage; limit in-person work when possible; reduce the number of high-touch surfaces and objects as much as possible; reconfigure workplace to enable physical distancing if possible; communicate health and safety protocols to all employees, customers and visitors.

Pu‘unui Community Park

There will be no discrimination in the course of the meal service, as they will be served regardless of race, color, creed, national origin, sex, or disability.

Makiki District Park

Certain real estate services. All real property sales and management activities must be accomplished by remote/electronic means whenever possible. Restrictions and permitted real estate services are outlined in Emergency Order No. 2020-09;

Hālawa District Park

Auto Dealerships

Goal #7 - Affordable and clean energy

MONDAY, JANUARY 25, 2021 9:52 AM

For more information, please visit their website at librarieshawaii.org

The Hawai‘i State Senate’s 2020 session was originally scheduled to take place from January 15 to May 7, but the Senate was forced to recess in mid-March due to the COVID-19 emergency. The Senate held a two week reconvene on May 11 to pass time-sensitive budget bills and nominations from the governor.

Waimānalo Beach Park

Mayor Caldwell’s proposal is included in the second amendment to the City and County of Honolulu’s Emergency Order No. 2020-16, posted online at www.honolulu.gov

to read the full press release.

THURSDAY, APRIL 23, 2020 12:44 PM

Dr. Sarah Park, State Epidemiologist

Keiki participants will be within the same group for the entire program.

DPR is still hiring for those interested in working as Summer Fun Aides. Please click here if you are interested in fun, seasonal work opportunity, or call the District Office of the location where you would like to work (listed below)

Childcare services, licensed or authorized under the law

For more information, visit

THURSDAY, FEBRUARY 25, 2021 12:00 PM

THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2020 10:20 AM

June 19: Indoor operations such as:

Performers who sing or play wind instruments must keep a distance of at least 10 feet from other people.

Kāne‘ohe Community Park

Longs Drugs pharmacies begin offering COVID-19 vaccinations daily

Occupancy is limited at all times to no more than one (1) person per 200 square feet of the gross operation area (which equates to approximately 50 percent of the maximum occupancy load).

VACCINE APPOINTMENT AND SITE INFORMATION:

The Honolulu Department of Parks and Recreation (DPR) is excited to announce a modified version of Summer Fun will be held this year. The program will be offered at no charge to O‘ahu families with Mayor Caldwell waiving the fees for the summer day camp.

Kalaniana‘ole Beach Park

FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 2020 9:46 AM

Out-of-state travelers arriving in Hawai‘i must get a PCR test prior to arrival from any testing location approved by the Hawai‘i State Department of Health. Evidence of a negative test result must be provided upon arrival in Hawai‘i. Without this, passengers arriving from out-of-state will be subject to the 14-day quarantine.

TUESDAY, MARCH 9, 2021 11:00 AM

District 4 (Waialua to Waimānalo) - ph. (808) 768-8980

Vaccinations are by appointment only

Beretania Community Park

Gov. Ige announced all travelers arriving in Hawai‘i from out-of-state will be required to get a valid COVID-19 test prior to their arrival, and to show proof of a negative test result, to avoid the 14-day quarantine. The pre-travel testing program begins Aug. 1.

WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 2020 11:25 AM

1:30 p.m. Department of the Attorney General

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29, 2020 2:14 PM

2:00 p.m. Department of Health -

Click

Participants should follow the posted signs to the test area. All who attend will first be screened for symptoms and asked to provide personal information including insurance if available and contact numbers so results can be made known to them. Quarantine protocol for tested patients follows the State Department of Health recommendations. To view the guidelines, head here.

Enchanted Lake Community Park

THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 2021 12:30 PM

Salt Lake District Park

The elimination of prohibitions related to beaches, boating, hiking and shoreline fishing, as these activities are being addressed through the counties in coordination with the state Department of Land and Natural Resources.

Goal #11 - Sustainable cities and communities:

. The system will allow appointments only for those licenses expiring in June. (This includes licenses and state IDs with March expiration dates that were previously granted a 90-day extension under a state emergency order.) Later in the month, open appointment slots will be offered driver licenses and state IDs with July expiration dates. (This would include those with April expiration dates that were similarly extended by emergency order to July.)

If you are having difficulty filing your unemployment insurance 24/7, you may be clicking on the wrong link. Follow these steps to complete your filing and avoid error messages:

Food-court dining areas (except for delivery or carry out)

Bring the following items with you to the "Food For Hawai‘i's ‘Ohana" distribution: a pen, completed Household Information Form(s) and a valid government-issued ID for each household.

Staff or keiki will not be allowed to participate in the program if they are sick, have been in contact with someone diagnosed with COVID-19, or have traveled out-of-state within the past 14 days.

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 2020 10:21 AM

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 8, 2021 9:31 AM

On Tuesday, May 12, Transformation Health Network will conduct testing in the parking lot at Kalihi Union Church, 2214 North King Street from 9 a.m. - 1 p.m. Entry will be from the driveway on Umi Street. Walk-up individuals are welcome also.

for “personal service providers” including:

Qualified expenses will be paid directly to the vendor on behalf of the applicant.

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 19, 2021 4:00 PM

Within shopping malls, the following must remain closed:

Travelers may be prohibited from boarding a flight if they have an elevated temperature above 100.4 degrees, they refuse to complete the mandatory form, or they are on the 14-day quarantine list prohibiting them from flying.

Hawaii Tourism Authority

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 20, 2021 10:00 AM

$8 million to DLIR for IT Modernization, UI Program Enhancements, and facility and staff support;

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 16, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 17, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

MONDAY, APRIL 27, 2020 8:59 PM

Goal #4 - Quality education

Another $56 million will be used to bring back small businesses, support training and job programs connecting unemployed with local businesses in need of employees, and provide manufacturing grants to local companies that can create local supply chains for necessary cleaning supplies and personal protection equipment (PPE).

To view the guidelines, head here -

Grave site visits are also being added as an Essential Activity. All of the added reopening of certain businesses are with limitations. The restated Stay at Home Order incorporates prior orders, including but not limited to, ordering all individuals living within the City to stay at their place of residence except for Essential Activities, Governmental Functions, or to operate Essential Businesses, mandating employees and visitors of Essential Businesses to wear a non-medical grade face covering mandate, and the ban of all public and private gatherings of any number of people occurring outside a single household or living unit.

Dr. Edward Desmond, Administrator

MONDAY, JUNE 22, 2020 8:45 AM

The Health Department is still in the process of developing this program but anticipates requiring an FDA-approved PCR test from a CLIA certified laboratory. Travelers will be required to provide printed or emailed pre-test certification as evidence of a negative test result. Travelers will be responsible for the cost of the pre-travel test.

Since in-office visits were suspended nine weeks ago, more than 44,000 driver license and state ID appointments had to be canceled.

MONDAY, APRIL 19, 2021 8:00 AM

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, June 27, by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing will be from 8 a.m. – 2 p.m.

On weekends and holidays, that time is from 9 a.m. to 11 p.m.

TUESDAY, MARCH 30, 2021 9:49 AM

Observatories & Support Facilities

Due to the recent uptick in COVID-19 cases, drive-thru testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be available this weekend.

Department of Environmental Services: Regular curbside refuse, green waste, and recycling service is still being conducted. Convenience centers and transfer stations remain open. Please note, all in-person services are suspended. Visit opala.org for more information.

Changes to the amended Stay at Home Order add the limited reopening of certain designated businesses and operations such as:

Appointments can be made at

during the COVID-19 crisis. The departments have announced subsidy changes to its assistance program for families and providers and are encouraging more families to apply. Get more information about applying to Child Care Connection Hawai‘i online by clicking on this link - bit.ly/ApplyCCCH.

Mr. David Sikkink, Administrator

‘Ewa Beach Community Park

, starting Thursday, May 28. This includes:

The legislative branch will reopen beginning June 1, 2020. Each Senate office and support staff office will be expected to resume normal business hours on that date. For more details, please read the memo dated May 22, 2020, from the Senate President: Reopening of Legislative Branch - June 1, 2020

THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2020 10:24 AM

Goal #16 - Peace, justice, and strong institutions

SUPERINTENDENT SAYS SCHOOLS COULD REALISTICALLY REOPEN FULLY IN FALL 2021; SOME HIGH SCHOOLS CAN HOLD LIMITED IN-PERSON COMMENCEMENT CEREMONIES

The City and County of Honolulu will soon be launching the COVID-19 Hardship Relief Program to help those most economically impacted by shutdowns to prevent the spread of the coronavirus. Scheduled to launch on May 18, the relief fund can be used to assist with basic needs including as rent, eligible utilities, childcare, and other essential expenses.

Similar outdoor facilities

TUESDAY, MAY 26, 2020 12:05 PM

The Ho‘oulu i Honolulu Order can be found here.

Staff and keiki will be provided hand sanitizer.

Lanakila District Park

In addition, travelers will be required to fill out the State Travel and Health form.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 14, 2021 10:00 AM

with limitations

Water parks

. Businesses that provide services such as private tutoring, certain music instrument lessons, etc., on a one-on-one basis, that comply with social distancing requirements;

‘Āhuimanu Community Park

‪Starting 5 a.m. Saturday, City parks will be reopened to exercise only. Exercise includes running, walking, jogging and biking. However, no camping, using tennis courts, basketball courts, play equipment, off-leash dog parks, baseball, volleyball, etc.

Mr. Len Higashi, Acting Executive Director

Kilauea District Park

Game rooms

Mayor Kirk Caldwell announced that certain Oauhu businesses will be allowed to open with limitations. This Order is effective from 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, April 30 through 4:30 p.m. on May 18.

No testing will be provided upon arrival at the airport.

Designated spaces will be made for each group, with activities conducted on a rotating basis.

Appointments can be made on AlohaQ.org.

Department of Parks and Recreation: City parks, courts, fields and parking lots are open. City skate parks and off-leash dog parks will reopen on Friday, May 29. The Koko Head Shooting Complex, city archery ranges, People’s Open Markets, and pools (lap swim only) are scheduled to reopen on Friday, June 5. The five Honolulu Botanical Gardens are open for passive use. This means no camping, garden tours, or recreational programs will be offered at that time. Other park facilities remain closed to the public, such as: playgrounds, campgrounds, gyms, and recreation buildings. Please be advised that lifeguards are not stationed in their regular towers but are instead on roving patrols. Stand-alone comfort stations are open but they will be closed during cleaning, maintenance, and regular park closure hours. For more information, please visit honolulu.gov/parks.

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 2021 9:00 PM

Ms. Kathy Sokugawa, Acting Director

Mr. Scott Murakami, Director

TUESDAY, MAY 26, 2020 8:26 AM

WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, 2020 2:44 PM

THURSDAY, MARCH 11, 2021 9:00 AM

TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 2020 8:53 AM

Online Registration begins Thursday, June 18 at 6 p.m.

11:00 a.m. Department of Labor and Industrial Relations

Here’s how it works

‘Āina Haina Community Park

The Legislature’s proposed plan builds upon UHERO’s estimates that $618 million in spending will generate more than $1 billion in Gross Domestic Product over the coming year and help Hawaiʻi’s households and businesses by supporting up to 6,500 jobs. The plan provides discretion to the Ige Administration to spend the remaining CARES funds to pay for unanticipated and emerging needs. This discretionary amount could be used to bolster Hawaiʻi’s unemployment insurance funds or support COVID-19 related programs.

This software was successfully used for shooters to make reservations at the Koko Head Shooting Complex beginning on Wednesday, June 3, and will serve a larger capacity in DPR registration and reservations in the future.

Asing Community Park

Gov. Ige announced that the state will be lifting the 14-day quarantine requirement for inter-island travelers, effective June 16.

resumption of operations

The governor is expected to extend the 14-day quarantine for travelers through June 30. This comes as the governor announced that he intends to continue Hawaii’s safer-at-home order through June 30. The Hawaii Tourism Authority, Department of Transportation, and other state agencies are working with the airlines to toughen the entry restrictions, to include revising the visitor arrival form, requiring the flight crew to complete the form, seeking to confirm return flights, increasing the screening staff at airports, stiffening hotel quarantines, enforcing rules on car rentals, and confirming hotel or home stays, among others. The COVID-19 committee met with the Police Chief, representatives from the Courts, and the Prosecutor's Office to coordinate enforcement of the 14-day quarantine. There were general agreements for a maximum bail of $2,000 for quarantine violators. Arraignment would be done virtually within 48-72 hours. Police statistics for Emergency Proclamation violations from March 20 to May 14 included 9,313 warnings, 5,244 citations, and 292 arrests.

Makakilo Community Park

THURSDAY, MAY 28, 2020 8:57 AM

Museums

On May 14, the Senate was briefed on the State Administration’s proposal for $1.25 billion appropriated under the federal Coronavirus Aid Relief & Economic Security (CARES) Act. Senate Bill 75 SD2 HD1 passed out of the House Finance Committee and will now head to the full House for a vote next week. Concerns remain regarding how agencies will spend these funds, such as economic support to those most affected during this pandemic.

The six driver licensing centers on O‘ahu reopened May 26 for in-office visits also on an appointment-only basis.

The Executive Office on Early Learning is working closely with the Department of Human Services and other agencies and stakeholders to coordinate early childhood care

Attendance Limits:

Safety Protocols:

Other beauty operators

District 1 (Hawaiʻi Kai to McCully) - ph. (808) 768-8944

service is not available at the following libraries: Liliha, McCully, Pearl City and the Hawaii State Library. No book donations will be accepted at this time.

MONDAY, FEBRUARY 22, 2021 3:00 PM

Koko Head District Park

For more information on the testing run by Kalihi Kai Urgent Care, call (808) 841-2273.

THURSDAY, JUNE 25, 2020 10:28 AM

Mā‘ili Community Park*

Ms. Kathy Kaohu, County Clerk

Retail & Repair Services, such as apparel, florists, watch & surfboard repair (Note: retail does not re-open in City & County of Honolulu until May 15, and retail & most repair will not re-open in Maui county.)

Office of Elections

The City’s “COVID-19 Guidance for Business” is followed to the greatest extent possible.

$14 million to the DOH for contact tracing/testing, vaccination and contract tracing staff, investigation and infection control, PPE and supplies;

FRIDAY, MAY 22, 2020 2:00 PM

No public testimony will be accepted.If you require special assistance, please call 586-6800 or email your request to waysandmeans@capitol.hawaii.gov.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 2021 9:16 AM

WEDNESDAY, JULY 29, 2020 11:16 AM

Kailua District Park

FRIDAY, MAY 8, 2020 12:28 PM

TUESDAY, JANUARY 19, 2021 11:55 AM

Waimānalo District Park

University of Hawaii – School of Nursing and Dental Hygiene -

appointment time to pick up their item(s).

Dr. Eugene Tian, Chief State Economist

Paki Community Park

THURSDAY, MAY 7, 2020 10:06 AM

Ms. Rona Suzuki, Director

Pet Grooming Services

Public Transportation - TheBus and TheHandi-Van: These services are operating with increased sanitary precautions for passenger and driver safety and health. Visit thebus.org or call 848-5555 for up-to-date schedules and information. The TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is open for in-person assessments for those extending or applying for eligibility. Distancing practices must be followed. TheHandi-Van Eligibility Center is located at the First Insurance Center, 1100 Ward Avenue, Suite 835. For questions or to schedule an assessment, call (808) 538-0033, Monday to Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m.

– sales and leasing activities (with restrictions);

Every1ne Hawaii -

WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 2020 4:50 PM

WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 2020 12:06 PM

Movie theatres

The Household Information Form can be downloaded below: A separate form must be filled out for each household represented in the vehicle.

To allow access to the proceedings, the Senate will be providing live streams of all Senate hearings and floor sessions in real time, on YouTube and/or ‘Ōlelo and neighbor island cable networks, with live closed captioning. A list of upcoming and archived Senate hearings is available here: http://olelo.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=13

MONDAY, MARCH 22, 2021 10:00 AM

Testing at Waipiʻo Peninsula Soccer Complex will be offered on Saturday, May 23, and at Kakaʻako Waterfront Park on Sunday, May 24, both by Premier Medical Group Hawaiʻi. Testing for both locations will be from 9 a.m. – 1 p.m.

On Friday, April 24, Kalihi Kai Urgent Care will be conducting testing at ʻEwa Mahiko District Park in ʻEwa Beach. Testing at 91-1205 Renton Road will run from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.

Ms. Georja Skinner, Chief Officer

The amended bill states (HB117), “Due to the unprecedented economic downturn resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, the legislature believes that continued implementation of the commission's recommendations for the executive and judicial branches, and planned adjustments for the legislature, is irresponsible at this time and should be deferred.”

Children must be six years old before Aug. 1, 2020 and not older than thirteen years old by July 28, 2020 to qualify. The modified Summer Fun will still utilize Junior Leaders.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on Olelo channel 49 on Oahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels.

THURSDAY, MAY 14, 2020 3:34 PM

Food will be distributed for approximately 4,000 households or WHILE SUPPLIES LAST.

12:00 p.m. Department of Health, State Laboratories

Building Permit Applications: Available by appointment only. Self-service permits are available online at honolulu.gov/dpp.

Please note that these operations may have altered hours. Please visit their websites before going to the location for services.

$637 million to be deposited into the state's rainy day fund to be allocated in subsequent sessions.

MONDAY, MAY 18, 2020 10:09 AM

Waikele Community Park

Click here to read more from KITV4 news.

Only Ala Moana Satellite City Hall will temporarily remain closed to in-office visits as it prepares to relocate within the shopping center.

Board of Water Supply: Water service remains operational and the water is safe to drink. Testing is conducted daily. BWS account services are available online at boardofwatersupply.com, by mail, or by phone. In-person services are suspended.

WEDNESDAY, JUNE 3, 2020 10:10 AM

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 29, 2020 4:02 PM

Mr. Chris Tatum, CEO

SafePaths -

For patrons who placed their holds during the closure, their item(s) are ready for pick up after the patron schedules a

AN ADULT FROM EACH HOUSEHOLD MUST BE PRESENT WITH A VALID GOVERNMENT-ISSUED ID.

Feeding Hawaii Together, a non-profit organization,is currently providing food to the public. The organization is located at 2522 Rose Street. Visit thepantry.org to register for food remotely, visually see the food available, place an order, then receive a day/time for pick-up. This allows to continue to provide urgently needed food, while conforming to all of the COVID-19 safety requirements.They distribute food 3 days per week.

2. After receiving a notice that their item(s) are ready for pick up, patrons can schedule a Library Take Out time at picktime.com/hspls.

THURSDAY, MAY 21, 2020 9:33 AM

WEDNESDAY, APRIL 7, 2021 11:00 AM

Safety Protocols

Arcades

Kanewai Community Park

1:00 p.m.

TO FILE A CLAIM OR CHECK YOUR STATUS

The proclamation also includes:

Maintenance staff will clean bathroom facilities twice daily.

Before attending a distribution, please make sure your vehicle's back seat, trunk, hatchback and/or tailgate are emptied and prepared to receive food.

The number of new COVID-19 cases is expected to rise once travel is re-opened. However, the State Department of Health has begun the process of training 500 new contact tracers, exceeding the recommended standards set by the Centers for Disease Control, and is exploring other screening and testing procedures.

Mr. Greg Barbour, Executive Director

Registration:

Kapaolono Community Park

The distribution organizers reserve the right to refuse service to individuals who do not comply with the rules established for this food distribution.

The proposal also allows the following to resume operations with modifications:

Shopping Malls – limited to retail and repair services (Note: shopping malls are not reopening in Maui county.)

Gov. David Ige approved Mayor Kirk Caldwell’s proposal to safely re-open more businesses and operations on O‘ahu, under guidelines that will ensure the safety of employees and customers.

THURSDAY, APRIL 23, 2020 3:55 PM

A public-private partnership — that includes the City and County of Honolulu, Aloha United Way, the Council for Native Hawaiian Advancement, Helping Hands Hawaii, and other service providers — will work directly with individuals and families dealing with economic hardship to administer these resources and ensure Oahu residents have the support they need.

FRIDAY, FEBRUARY 12, 2021 8:03 PM

Public Access:

District 4

Waiau District Park

The governor noted that the next step in re-opening air travel will be restoring out-of-state travel to the islands in a safe manner. He has been working on plans to do this said he would announce them soon.

Under Phase 1 of the state’s re-opening, the following businesses and operations can re-open starting May 7, 2020 at 12:01 a.m. However, everyone is advised to check the restrictions in place in each county, as they may differ.

Starting next week, those whose last name starts with the letters A through G should file on Mondays.

Fitness centers

DOH TO PARTNER WITH PHARMACIES STATEWIDE TO PROVIDE COVID-19 VACCINE

Goal #10 - Reduced inequalities:

Kaimuki Community Park

Summer Fun Sites 2020:

WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 27, 2021 9:38 AM

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. The meeting will also be livestreaming on

Veterans Affairs

THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 2021 9:07 AM

Pililā‘au Community Park

12:45p.m. Department of the Attorney General -

Goal #17 - Partnership for the goals

No pubic testimony will be accepted.

.

THURSDAY, JANUARY 28, 2021 9:48 AM

THURSDAY, MAY 14, 2020 11:48 AM

1:15 p.m. Department of Health

Wilson Community Park

MONDAY, MARCH 15, 2021 12:00 PM

FRIDAY, MARCH 5, 2021 9:00 AM

The times to file are Monday through Friday from 6:30 a.m. to 11 p.m.

The meeting will be available for live viewing on ‘Olelo Channel 49 on O‘ahu and will go out live for pick up by neighbor island public access channels. It will also be livestreamed via http://olelo.granicus.com/ViewPublisher.php?view_id=13.

The Hawaii State Senate Special Committee on COVID-19 will hold a hearing today at noon live on ‘Olelo 49.


=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.donnamercadokim.com/volunteer=====

 <tag> h1


Volunteer

 <tag> h3


NEWS

 <tag> p


Please enter your information below.

All Residents 16+ Are Becoming Eligible April 19

Volunteers like you are critical in carrying out our message across District 14. Together we can put Hawai'i first!

Mahalo for your interest in volunteering for #TeamDMK.

State expands eligibility to more Phase 1c essential workers on Monday

Are You Fully Vaccinated?

Got Questions About The COVID-19 Vaccines

Are you eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Hawaii?

 <tag> span




Volunteer

*


=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.donnamercadokim.com/contribute=====

 <tag> h1


Contribute

 <tag> h3


NEWS

 <tag> strong


Friends of Donna Mercado Kim

 <tag> p


All Residents 16+ Are Becoming Eligible April 19

State expands eligibility to more Phase 1c essential workers on Monday

To contribute by mail and save the campaign on transaction fees, please make check payable to "Friends of Donna Mercado Kim" and mail to:

PO Box 2395

Friends of Donna Mercado Kim

Are You Fully Vaccinated?

Honolulu, Hawai‘i 96804

Got Questions About The COVID-19 Vaccines

The State campaign spending limits are $4,000 for a state senate race per election period. Contributions are not tax deductible.

Your support is critical to giving our volunteers the resources to reach every voter, to share Senator Donna Mercado Kim's work to stand up for Hawai‘i's values, and build an economy that works for all our families. Please fill out the form below to make your contribution today.

Are you eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Hawaii?

 <tag> li




Details

Amount

CONTINUE

 <tag> span




Amount

Contribute

Details

CONTINUE

To contribute by mail and save the campaign on transaction fees, please make check payable to "Friends of Donna Mercado Kim" and mail to:

PO Box 2395

Friends of Donna Mercado Kim

Honolulu, Hawai‘i 96804

Your support is critical to giving our volunteers the resources to reach every voter, to share Senator Donna Mercado Kim's work to stand up for Hawai‘i's values, and build an economy that works for all our families. Please fill out the form below to make your contribution today.


=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.donnamercadokim.com/#=====

 <tag> h3


GET UPDATES

NEWS

 <tag> strong




Mahalo!

Aloha and Welcome!

 <tag> p




I'm a local girl, born and raised in Kalihi, and a product of our public school system. I care deeply about my island home and no one will work harder for you!

Mahalo!

All Residents 16+ Are Becoming Eligible April 19

Are you eligible to receive the COVID-19 vaccine in Hawaii?

State expands eligibility to more Phase 1c essential workers on Monday

Aloha and Welcome!

Are You Fully Vaccinated?

Got Questions About The COVID-19 Vaccines

Today's challenges are even more difficult, and amplifying the voice of our community is what drives me.

I have devoted almost 40 years to public service at the city and state levels where I have fought for government efficiency, transparency, and accountability. I have always and will continue to fight for middle and working class families because growing up in Kalihi, both my parents had to work hard to make ends meet, to pay the rent, and put food on the table. They both worried about health care for their children and caring for their aging parents. Hawai‘i is a special place where ‘ohana is important, and we learned at an early age, the true meaning of sacrifice and helping one another. We also learned to be frugal and to manage our spending.

 <tag> span




I'm a local girl, born and raised in Kalihi, and a product of our public school system. I care deeply about my island home and no one will work harder for you!

Mahalo!

rowing up in Kalihi, both my parents had to work hard to make ends meet, to pay the rent, and put food on the table. They both worried about health care for their children and caring for their aging parents. Hawai‘i is a special place where ‘ohana is important, and we learned at an early age, the true meaning of sacrifice and helping one another. We also learned to be frugal and to manage our spending.

Aloha and Welcome!

I have devoted almost 40 years to public service at the city and state levels where I have fought for

g

Today's challenges are even more difficult, and amplifying the voice of our community is what drives me.

government efficiency, transparency, and accountability. I have always and will continue to fight for middle and working class families because


Number of links (dup removed)14

All links:
{'about:blank', 'https://www.donnamercadokim.com/news', 'https://www.donnamercadokim.com/news/#are-you-fully-vaccinated', 'https://www.donnamercadokim.com/news/#state-expands-eligibility-to-more-phase-1c-essential-workers-on-monday-', 'https://www.donnamercadokim.com/about_donna', 'https://www.donnamercadokim.com/volunteer', 'https://www.donnamercadokim.com/news/#are-you-eligible-to-receive-the-covid-19-vaccine-in-hawaii-', 'https://www.donnamercadokim.com/', 'https://www.donnamercadokim.com/news/#all-residents-16-are-becoming-eligible-april-19', 'https://www.donnamercadokim.com/#', 'https://www.donnamercadokim.com/news/#got-questions-about-the-covid-19-vaccines', 'https://www.donnamercadokim.com/home', 'https://www.donnamercadokim.com/events', 'https://www.donnamercadokim.com/contribute'}