Candidate: MARTER, JAMES THOMAS
Result:

=====LINK SOURCE: https://marter4congress.us/=====

 <tag> h3


Dear Fellow Patriot,

 <tag> h4


On the Campaign Trail

 <tag> strong




2nd Amendment rights

Ohio Rep. Jim Jordan

James Marter

House Freedom Caucus

Conservative Pro-Life & Pro-family

President Trump

 <tag> p




I will secure the border, support Immigration limits and reform, including blocking immigrants from terrorist states, eliminate sanctuary cities, cut spending and “Big” government, in Washington.

CAMPAIGN PRESS RELEASES

James Marter Pro-Trump, Conservative Fighter Grassroots Approved Republican-Illinois

Paid for by Marter for Congress

I’m a leader you can Trust, with global experience in international business and manufacturing. I am an entrepreneur and small business owner who meets with workers on the factory line, in warehouses, labs, and meets with executives in the boardroom.

July 13, 2019 — Yesterday was a great day with President Trump at another special event, near Milwaukee, Wisconsin in Fox Point.

Thursday, July 12, 2019 — James Marter attends Wisconsin event with President Trump today to support his 2020 re-election campaign to ‘Keep America Great’

LIFE, Religious Liberty to worship freely, faith in God, fellowship, & family are the most important things to me. My beautiful wife Jill and I have been married 34 years, we are blessed with our four children and our first granddaughter! I’ve served my communities more than 25 years as a Scout Leader, an age-group swimming coach, & a youth basketball coach. I’ve served as a precinct committeeman and Republican Party Chairman of Kendall County working hard for many Republicans.

July 13, 2019– Had a great time with my 100% Second Amendment friends and Tom McCullagh the next State Senator for the Illinois 49th district which includes my town, Oswego in Kendall County! Thanks to Tom McCullagh and Buffalo Range Shooting Park in Ottawa for an awesome event today! It was a great day on the range…supporting our Second Amendment and the two great conservative candidates who were there! TOM McCULLAGH for 49th Illinois State Senate and JIM MARTER for 14th U.S. Congressional Districts

On Sunday, July 21, 2019 — A Socialist, Independent, Moderate Republican and myself… a Constitutional Conservative Republican debated “tweets,” the “Unaffordable” Care Act, and other pressing issues of the week tonight on “Beyond the Beltway” with Bruce DuMont in Chicago. We all made it out alive, with a friendly parting of handshakes. We are all free-thinking Americans who can and should continue to debate the issues in a civil manner. Check out the show here! Or view an edited version on Marter for Congress YouTube

Campaign Event NEWS: (Please check back here for more events being added). Here’s James Marter on Campaign Corner October 7, 2019.

For the Constitution,

I will:

Parades Galore…If you are interested in walking a parade with the campaign please contact the campaign at info@marter4congress.us All are welcome. Contact us for details or check out the events section of Facebook. More parade dates for the district will be updated here.

Marter for Congress latest campaign video released “American Loving People Must be Elected to Stop Establishment Politicians from Ruining What Our Ancestors Built and Fought for and Worked to Conserve and Protect…”

Weather was gorgeous and so were the lake front and the wonderful people I met who where all there to support our President Donald Trump. I had the privilege to meet Governor Scott Walker and his son Alex and many other passionate people who love America, Liberty, and our President. Also including some great new friends in my own 14th District in Illinois!

Highlights of What We Posted on Facebook…

I’m James Marter for Congress. I love America and treasure our FREEDOMs, Constitution, and our republican form of government which has been passed from one generation of patriots to another, understanding that LIFE & LIBERTY must be defended by every generation.

Before we left the area Jill and I took the opportunity to stop and take in the Wisconsin Lake Shore in its natural beauty, and all God’s blessings of the day. I am glad to be on board with the winning team in 2020!

As Congressman, I will be relentless in the pursuit of cutting the size and scope of government, while eliminating waste, fraud, and abuse. Why? To stop Washington D.C. from taking your money so you can keep the fruits of your labor, you worked hard to earn! I’m fighting to defend our Conservative values, our Pro-Growth and Pro-America agenda to Keep America Great. I am asking for your VOTE.

July 27, 2019 — James Marter will be a guest on On-Target Radio with David Lombardo on AM 560 Radio Sunday, July 28, 2019…please tune in at 9:00 pm (Chicago time)!

I am a conservative, pro-Trump Republican who’s “all in” to unseat the woke and radical, anti-Republican, Adam Kinzinger, who voted to impeach President Trump. Together WE can restore the Republican Party and bring REAL leadership to Congress!

 <tag> li




HOME

ISSUES

VIDEOS

Support President Trump and put America First

Fight for Conservative Pro-Life & Pro-family values

NEWS

Join the House Freedom Caucus! Like Ohio Rep. Jim Jordan

Respect our Flag and defend our Constitution

BIOGRAPHY

STAND & FIGHT for your 2nd Amendment rights

Support Term Limits

If you would like to host a meet and greet in your neighborhood, please reach out to the field coordinator at info@marter4congress.us to have James Marter come out directly to meet with your friends, neighbors and family!

 <tag> span




Event

If you would like to host a meet and greet in your neighborhood, please reach out to the field coordinator at info@marter4congress.us to have James Marter come out directly to meet with your friends, neighbors and family!

info@marter4congress.us All are welcome. Contact us for details or check out the events section of Facebook. More parade dates for the district will be updated here.


Number of links (dup removed)5

All links:
{'https://marter4congress.us/', 'https://marter4congress.us/issues/', 'https://marter4congress.us/news/', 'https://marter4congress.us/videos/', 'https://marter4congress.us/about-us/'}