Candidate: GOLDBECK, JANESSA
Result:

=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.janessagoldbeck.com/=====

 <tag> p


Janessa was born and raised in San Diego County and has built her career around creating a safer and more equitable world for all. She is the founding principal of Sui Generis Strategies, a professional services firm that provides organizations with the tools to pass legislation and achieve meaningful change.

Stay up to date on Janessa’s work in the community and exciting next steps! Sign up to join her mailing list today!

After learning that some jobs in the military were closed to women, Janessa volunteered to participate in Department of Defense research on gender integration in combat arms units by attending a previously all-male infantry course. Following her experience, she co-founded No Exceptions, an advocacy campaign to repeal the discriminatory policy. In 2015, the Secretary of Defense opened all military occupations to qualified applicants, regardless of gender.

Prior to her military service, Janessa worked in Washington, DC as a human rights advocate. She served as the national field director for Genocide Intervention Network where she led efforts to pass key anti-genocide legislation that targeted the brutal Sudanese government killing of civilians. It was doing this work Janessa learned that if there is political will, coalition building allows for many different groups of people to be invested in any cause. In 2012, she was recognized by Diplomatic Courier magazine as one of the “Top 99 Foreign Policy Professionals Under 33” and received the Truman National Security Project’s "George C. Marshall Excellence in Foreign Policy Advocacy" award.

Just six weeks after ending her active duty military career, Janessa ran for an open congressional seat in San Diego, earning the endorsement of members of Congress and the region's largest newspaper, The San Diego Union-Tribune. After coming up short in the primary, she pivoted her energy to the Presidential race, serving as the co-director of California Veterans for Biden and on the national Women Veterans for Biden council.

Janessa is a graduate of Northwestern University and is currently pursuing an MPA at the University of San Francisco. She is a member of San Diego Mayor Todd Gloria's Back to Work Task Force - Housing Subcommittee, an active Rotarian, and a board member of MANA de San Diego, the San Diego LGBT Center, and the Truman National Security Project. In addition, she serves on the Campaigns Board for Victory Fund, on the advisory board of Taking the Hill PAC, and as a delegate to the California Democratic Party for Assembly District 78. She lives in San Diego with her partner Carol, their two dogs, and a small flock of hens.

When her mother was diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis and Alzheimer’s Disease, Janessa cut short her Marine Corps career and returned to her hometown to care for her. Once back in San Diego, Janessa founded Sui Generis Strategies to continue advocating for change.

A Marine Corps veteran, Janessa previously led teams overseas as a Combat Engineer Officer, managing engineering, logistics, and explosive ordnance disposal missions. She deployed in support of NATO operations and served as a Uniformed Victim Advocate, providing essential support and care to service members who had experienced sexual assault. She rose to the rank of Captain and was twice awarded the Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal.

 <tag> span




Sign Up


Number of links (dup removed)1

All links:
{'https://www.janessagoldbeck.com/'}