Candidate: PRAVER, SHAUL MARSHALL RABBI
Result:

=====LINK SOURCE: https://www.elainemarshall.com/=====

 <tag> h2




As Secretary of state, I’ve worked to cut the red tape for entrepreneurs starting companies, track special interests and the people who lobby for them, prosecute criminals who are masquerading as charities, and crack down on financial fraud—getting serious jail time for crooks.

A PROVEN FIGHTER FOR OUR STATE FOR OUR FAMILIES FOR ALL OF US

 <tag> h3


North Carolina's Secretary of State

 <tag> strong




PAID FOR BY THE ELAINE MARSHALL COMMITTEE

SCHEDULING REQUESTS:

CONTACT US:

FOR ALL OF US

MAILING ADDRESS:

 <tag> p




In 2015, she served as President of the National Secretaries of State and received the Lillian’s List Courage Award. A longtime member of 4-H, in 2014 she was one of fourteen from across the country who was inducted into the National 4-H Hall of Fame.

MAILING ADDRESS: Post Office Box 25128 Raleigh, NC 27611 CONTACT US: info@elainemarshall.com 984.269.7003 SCHEDULING REQUESTS: tiffany@elainemarshall.com PAID FOR BY THE ELAINE MARSHALL COMMITTEE

I hope that from what we’ve accomplished, and all we can achieve in the future, I will earn your continued support and your vote in November, 2020.

Elaine earned her law degree from Campbell University in 1981 and distinguished herself as a tough advocate for her clients in the courtroom. She began her law career defending victims of domestic violence when few lawyers would do so, co-founded a Rape Crisis Center in rural Harnett County, joined a grassroots lobbying effort to require insurance companies to cover mammograms and pap smears. Elaine was previously a teacher and small business owner.

In 1996, Elaine Marshall became the first woman elected to a statewide executive branch office in North Carolina. She immediately established herself as a competent administrator with an eye toward reform. She has received national recognitions for modernizing the Secretary of State’s office by introducing up to date technology and reducing red tape.

Since taking office, Elaine has cut the costs of doing business in North Carolina—helping small businesses create jobs and enabling free enterprise and capital formation. She has led the effort to reform North Carolina’s lobbying laws. Elaine remains committed to making public information transparent and accessible to businesses, investors and individuals. Her efforts have helped make North Carolina one of the most affordable places in the United States to do business.

In 1993-1994, Elaine served in the North Carolina Senate, where she was named Rookie of the Year and listed among Legislators to Watch by the News & Observer. In the Senate, she provided a powerful voice for improving healthcare in North Carolina. Elaine successfully shepherded North Carolina's Marital Rape Bill through the State Senate.

Customer service is my priority for our office that serves all citizens without regard to if it’s a single individual or a national corporation. I’m proud that we’ve been honored by organizations as diverse as the US Chamber of Commerce, Common Cause, Royal Canadian Mounted Police, UL Laboratories, NFL, NHL, Triangle Business Journal, and NAWBO.

Born in rural Lineboro, Maryland, Elaine’s father was a farmer who served as a fire department officer following his active volunteer firefighter days and served on the local church board, while her mother taught music lessons and was the organist in the family’s small rural church for more than 60 years.

By using this website, you agree to our use of cookies. We use cookies to provide you with a great experience and to help our website run effectively.

Thank you North Carolina for re-electing me to continue serving as your Secretary of State!

The Secretary of State’s office today is a key law enforcement agency protecting consumers, investors, and charitable givers against fraud and scams. Elaine's commitment to protecting investors has led to long prison terms for criminals and has refunded over $1 billion from major Wall Street firms for misrepresentation to North Carolina investors. She also has received international recognition for her efforts protecting trademark holders, eliminating harmful and dangerous counterfeit goods and prosecuting counterfeiters.


Number of links (dup removed)1

All links:
{'https://www.elainemarshall.com/'}