Candidate: MIRANDA, CATHERINE
Result:

=====LINK SOURCE: https://mirandaforhouse.com/=====

 <tag> h2


DONATE TO MY CAMPAIGN BY MAIL

DONATE TO MY CAMPAIGN ONLINE

 <tag> h3


JOBS AND BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

EDUCATION

ENDORSEMENTS

VETERANS

PRIORITIES

Help me win!

SUPPORTING OUR COMMUNITY

Download a Media Kit

 <tag> h5




“I was once told, No matter what you face, don’t forget if you’re positive, positivity will find you and embrace you. “

GENERAL INFORMATION

WAYS TO HELP

RESOURCES

MENTAL HEALTH

TEACHING TOOLS

 <tag> strong


Email address for Public Assistance

PPE Donation Information

Red Cross

Teen Life Line phone or text:

National Suicide Prevention Lifeline:

ASU Center for Mindfulness, Compassion and Resilience

Be Connected:

Scholastic

Veterans Crisis Line:

Arizona Foodbank Network

PBS Learning Media

St. Mary’s Food Bank

 <tag> p




Veterans are near to my heart, my father and late husband were both veterans. It’s critical that as veterans are returning to their homes in our community, they are given every opportunity to be successful. They need a proven champion who will fight for access to veteran educational opportunities and healthcare reform. These veterans put everything on the line, the least we as a community can do is support them every way possible.

Below are links of information and resources during this difficult time. #BecauseIStillCare

From a kindergarten student to a school administrator and school board member, to serving in both chambers of the State Legislature, I am the strong product of the rich diversity of District 27. This diversity within our community is what helps shape my legislative priorities.

Please remit checks to "Catherine Miranda for House" P.O. Box 693 Laveen, AZ 85339

District 27 is in a unique geographical location. Our community has direct access to main arteries for transportation. We need to capitalize on these assets and help to remove burdensome regulations on industries and small businesses within our community so that we can capitalize on job growth opportunities. I will work with our Congressional Representatives to support the United State Mexico Canada Agreement (USMCA) to bring more jobs and prosperity to our community. As I’ve done in the past, I plan to continue to work with the Arizona Chamber of Commerce and Industry, Arizona Hispanic Chamber of Commerce and all local Chambers, to foster business and job growth so that all members of our community are given a fair opportunity to succeed.

District 27, one of the most diverse communities in Arizona, has been my home my entire life. I believe a legislator must maintain close contact with the community and must be available to the people at any time. From the devotion of time at St. Catherine’s of Sienna Parish to the time spent at American Legion Post 41, where my Korean War Veteran father was a member, to my involvement in sports in the South Mountain Community, this community has always been there to support me in all my endeavors, and I look forward to giving back.

In today’s government, it’s more important than ever for the historically unheard to be heard! I will be a strong advocate and fighter for every group in our community. We need a solution for DACA. So many in our community are faced with uncertainty. I will do everything within my power to ensure all DACA recipients are protected now and well into the future. I will work to ensure no community feels tokenized and that all are given a seat at the proverbial table. No person, no voice deserves to go unheard.

Read more

The maximum individual contribution is $5,200. Couples with a joint bank account may contribute up to $10,400. Corporate contributions are prohibited. Please include your address, phone, employer, and your employment position or title. Contributions are not deductible as charitable contributions for federal tax purposes. Requested personal information is used for general campaign purposes and campaign finance law compliance. Thank you!

As a former teacher, school administrator and school board member, education always comes first for me. I understand the struggles first-hand teachers and students face everyday in our classrooms. During my time at the legislature, as ranking member in our education committee, I fought against taking resources out of public schools and supported increasing funding to pay our teachers a living wage and bring more dollars into the classroom. Now more than ever, Arizona is at the forefront of defining what our public education will look like for generations to come. Our community needs an experienced public education champion.

Deep roots and experience matter when representing the community. I’ve served you before, and I look forward to the opportunity to serve you again.

 <tag> li




Disaster Distress Helpline 1-800-985-5990

Volunteer

DONATE

Be Connected: 1-866-4AZ-VETS (429-8387)

Veterans Crisis Line: 1-800-273-8255 (press 1)

1-800-273-8255 (press 1)

MEDIA KIT

Email address for Public Assistance

COVID-19 Screening Tool

Sign up for my newsletter

NASA Kids Club

602-248-TEEN (8336)

Scholastic

National Suicide Prevention Lifeline: 1-800-273-TALK (8255)

1-800-273-TALK (8255)

1-866-4AZ-VETS (429-8387)

PPE Donation Information

CONTACT

Red Cross

ASU Center for Mindfulness, Compassion and Resilience

PBS Learning Media

St. Mary’s Food Bank

AZ Department of Health

Teen Life Line phone or text: 602-248-TEEN (8336)

1-800-985-5990

Get a Yard Sign

PRIORITIES

Arizona Foodbank Network

ABOUT CATHERINE

 <tag> span




Teacher

*

GENERAL INFORMATION

DONATE WITH PAYPAL

GET A YARD SIGN

WAYS TO HELP

RESOURCES

Sabrina Araiza

MENTAL HEALTH

LD27 BOUNDARIES

CLICK HERE

TEACHING TOOLS


Number of links (dup removed)1

All links:
{'https://mirandaforhouse.com/'}